Jeb signals through the Alk receptor tyrosine kinase to drive visceral muscle fusion.
Astronomy: New direction for -rays.
High CO2 levels in the Proterozoic atmosphere estimated from analyses of individual microfossils.
Decisions about parental care in response to perceived paternity.
Nutrition: milk and absorption of dietary flavanols.
Optimal transsaccadic integration explains distorted spatial perception.
The evolution of comets in the Oort cloud and Kuiper belt.
Mental self: The person within.
Magnetization distribution in the mixed-phase state of hole-doped manganites.
Evolution of the Archaean crust by delamination and shallow subduction.
Retention of transcriptionally active cryptophyte nuclei by the ciliate Myrionecta rubra.
Nature's guide for mentors.
Evidence for an ancient martian ocean in the topography of deformed shorelines.
White dwarf stars with carbon atmospheres.
Coupled 142Nd143Nd evidence for a protracted magma ocean in Mars.
Ocean pipes could help the Earth to cure itself.
The Earth's 'hum'is driven by ocean waves over the continental shelves.
Fetal load and the evolution of lumbar lordosis in bipedal hominins.
A periodic shear-heating mechanism for intermediate-depth earthquakes in the mantle.
A turbulent wake as a tracer of 30,000 years of Mira's mass loss history.
Architecture of the human regulatory network derived from ENCODE data.
Optical nano-imaging of gate-tunable graphene plasmons.
Crystal structure of the [micro]-opioid receptor bound to a morphinan antagonist.
In vivo reprogramming of murine cardiac fibroblasts into induced cardiomyocytes.
A 61-million-person experiment in social influence and political mobilization.
The promise of induced pluripotent stem cells in research and therapy.
IDH mutation impairs histone demethylation and results in a block to cell differentiation.
Emerging fungal threats to animal, plant and ecosystem health.
A framework for human microbiome research.
The long-range interaction landscape of gene promoters.
Links between erosion, runoff variability and seismicity in the Taiwan orogen.
Auxin promotes Arabidopsis root growth by modulating gibberellin response.
A median redshift of 2.4 for galaxies bright at submillimetre wavelengths.
Dynamics and mechanics of the microtubule plus end.
Clinical proteomics: written in blood.
Toxicology rethinks its central belief.
Femtosecond X-ray measurement of coherent lattice vibrations near the Lindemann stability limit.
Neutral theory and relative species abundance in ecology.
Coral record of increased sediment flux to the inner Great Barrier Reef since European settlement.
Cell biology: join the crowd.
A theory of city size.
Inflammation's Yin-Yang.
Membrane protein twists and turns.
Two two-dimensional materials are better than one.
Trachea transplants test the limits.
Nuclear Wave1 is required for reprogramming transcription in oocytes and for normal development.
Genetics driving epigenetics.
Speleothems reveal 500,000-year history of Siberian permafrost.
Interactions of multisensory components perceptually rescue tngara frog mating signals.
GDE2 promotes neurogenesis by glycosylphosphatidylinositol-anchor cleavage of RECK.
Global decline in large old trees.
Cold-inducible RNA-binding protein modulates circadian gene expression posttranscriptionally.
Activation-induced B cell fates are selected by intracellular stochastic competition.
Predatory fish select for coordinated collective motion in virtual prey.
Neural correlates of a magnetic sense.
Growth of Western Australian corals in the Anthropocene.
Irisin, light my fire.
MMS19 links cytoplasmic iron-sulfur cluster assembly to DNA metabolism.
Ancient impact and aqueous processes at Endeavour Crater, Mars.
The emergence of geometric order in proliferating metazoan epithelia.
Proton-coupled electron transfer drives the proton pump of cytochrome c oxidase.
Comparative chemosensation from receptors to ecology.
Atomic structure of a Na&plus;-and K&plus;-conducting channel.
Crystal structure of the non-haem iron halogenase SyrB2 in syringomycin biosynthesis.
DNA primase acts as a molecular brake in DNA replication.
Oscillations of cyclic AMP in hormone-stimulated insulin-secreting -cells.
Materials science: colloids get complex.
Chance and necessity in the evolution of minimal metabolic networks.
Inhibition of cytohesins by SecinH3 leads to hepatic insulin resistance.
Evolving large and complex brains.
Evidence from numerical experiments for a feedback dynamo generating Mercury's magnetic field.
Mending the youngest hearts.
A threat to medical innovation.
Converging on an HIV vaccine.
EPA proposal would exempt some GMOs from registry.
When vernalization makes sense.
As E. coli outbreak recedes, new questions come to the fore.
Phosphatase Inhibition Delays Translational Recovery.
Revealing a parasite's invasive trick.
Mice lacking the M3 muscarinic acetylcholine receptor are hypophagic and lean.
A 300-million-year record of atmospheric carbon dioxide from fossil plant cuticles.
Phototropin-related NPL1 controls chloroplast relocation induced by blue light.
Tropical climate changes at millennial and orbital timescales on the Bolivian Altiplano.
Nodal signalling in the epiblast patterns the early mouse embryo.
Recent mass balance of polar ice sheets inferred from patterns of global sea-level change.
IKK controls formation of the epidermis independently of NF-B.
Normal faulting in central Tibet since at least 13.5 Myr ago.
Nitrogen limitation of microbial decomposition in a grassland under elevated CO2.
Defining brain wiring patterns and mechanisms through gene trapping in mice.
Laser technology: Measuring huge magnetic fields.
Scotopic colour vision in nocturnal hawkmoths.
Determinants of extinction in the fossil record.
Mechanics: Buckling cascades in free sheets.
Reduced adaptation of a non-recombining neo-Y chromosome.
Imperfect optics may be the eye's defence against chromatic blur.
Hearing visual motion in depth.
DNA nanotechnology: Chemical copying of connectivity.
Relationship between local structure and phase transitions of a disordered solid solution.
Cold atoms and quantum control.
Quantum mirages formed by coherent projection of electronic structure.
Regulation of distinct AMPA receptor phosphorylation sites during bidirectional synaptic plasticity.
Stable-isotope probing as a tool in microbial ecology.
Signal-dependent nuclear export of a histone deacetylase regulates muscle differentiation.
A soluble and air-stable organic semiconductor with high electron mobility.
Quantum correlation among photons from a single quantum dot at room temperature.
Genetics of body-weight regulation.
Experimental test of quantum nonlocality in three-photon GreenbergerHorneZeilinger entanglement.
arrow encodes an LDL-receptor-related protein essential for Wingless signalling.
Structural basis of IAP recognition by Smac/DIABLO.
Coupling of CO2 and ice sheet stability over major climate transitions of the last 20 million years.
Reexamining human origins in light of Ardipithecus ramidus.
Direct evidence for spinal cord involvement in placebo analgesia.
Crystal structure of the eukaryotic strong inward-rectifier K+ channel Kir2. 2 at 3.1  resolution.
AMPylation of Rho GTPases by Vibrio VopS disrupts effector binding and downstream signaling.
Farewell, lecture.
Greater transportation energy and GHG offsets from bioelectricity than ethanol.
A yeast hybrid provides insight into the evolution of gene expression regulation.
The dynamics and time scale of ongoing genomic erosion in symbiotic bacteria.
A ferroelectric oxide made directly on silicon.
High-strength chemical-vapordeposited graphene and grain boundaries.
Leukocyte behavior in atherosclerosis, myocardial infarction, and heart failure.
Polarization-controlled tunable directional coupling of surface plasmon polaritons.
Injection-induced earthquakes.
An update of Wallace's zoogeographic regions of the world.
Pleiotropic actions of insulin resistance and inflammation in metabolic homeostasis.
Sustainable intensification in agriculture: premises and policies.
Photochemical route for accessing amorphous metal oxide materials for water oxidation catalysis.
Strong, light, multifunctional fibers of carbon nanotubes with ultrahigh conductivity.
(R)-2-hydroxyglutarate is sufficient to promote leukemogenesis and its effects are reversible.
The catalytic pathway of horseradish peroxidase at high resolution.
Brain damage: neglect disrupts the mental number line.
Monoclonal mice generated by nuclear transfer from mature B and T donor cells.
RANKL maintains bone homeostasis through c-Fos-dependent induction of interferon-.
Spatial scale dictates the productivitybiodiversity relationship.
A short timescale for terrestrial planet formation from HfW chronometry of meteorites.
Ultrafast and direct imprint of nanostructures in silicon.
Nitrogen loss from unpolluted South American forests mainly via dissolved organic compounds.
A cryptic protease couples deubiquitination and degradation by the proteasome.
Computational approaches to cellular rhythms.
Gendicine's efficacy: hard to translate.
NIH goes after whole genome in search of disease genes.
[C] Exploring musical space.
Global warming may be homing in on Atlantic hurricanes.
Molecular signaling mechanisms underlying epileptogenesis.
A unified model of the presynaptic and postsynaptic changes during LTP at CA1 synapses.
Inhibition of immune responses by ITAM-bearing receptors.
From fluctuations to phenotypes: the physiology of noise.
Neural mechanisms of rapid natural scene categorization in human visual cortex.
Chlamydia causes fragmentation of the Golgi compartment to ensure reproduction.
Emergence of complex cell properties by learning to generalize in natural scenes.
Transport mechanism of a bacterial homologue of glutamate transporters.
A high stellar velocity dispersion for a compact massive galaxy at redshift z= 2.186.
Total synthesis of eudesmane terpenes by site-selective CH oxidations.
Characterization of two classes of small molecule inhibitors of Arp2/3 complex.
Post-transcriptional processing generates a diversity of 5-modified long and short RNAs.
CCR3 is a target for age-related macular degeneration diagnosis and therapy.
Technology: Hydrogen-fuelled vehicles.
A common progenitor for haematopoietic and endothelial lineages in the zebrafish gastrula.
A mechanism to thin the continental lithosphere at magma-poor margins.
Eisosomes mark static sites of endocytosis.
The pectoral fin of Tiktaalik roseae and the origin of the tetrapod limb.
DNA overwinds when stretched.
Whole-cell patch-clamp measurements of spermatozoa reveal an alkaline-activated Ca2&plus; channel.
ATM stabilizes DNA double-strand-break complexes during V (D) J recombination.
Polyadenylation factor CPSF-73 is the pre-mRNA 3'-end-processing endonuclease.
Structure of C3b reveals conformational changes that underlie complement activity.
Phosphorylation of WAVE1 regulates actin polymerization and dendritic spine morphology.
Stability and structure of MgSiO3 perovskite to 2300-kilometer depth in Earth's mantle.
Absence of junctional glutamate receptor clusters in Drosophila mutants lacking spontaneous transmitter release.
Time-resolved measurement of dissipation-induced decoherence in a Josephson junction.
Imaging of small-scale features on 433 Eros from NEAR: Evidence for a complex regolith.
Defining disease in the genomics era.
Hedgehog signaling: a tale of two lipids.
Carbon dioxide degassing by advective flow from Usu volcano, Japan.
Glacial-to-Holocene redistribution of carbonate ion in the deep sea.
Investigating long-term ecological variability using the global population dynamics database.
Afterimage of perceptually filled-in surface.
Directed transport of atoms in a Hamiltonian quantum ratchet.
The RNA-binding protein NANOS2 is required to maintain murine spermatogonial stem cells.
Exchange of genetic material between cells in plant tissue grafts.
Brightly fluorescent single-walled carbon nanotubes via an oxygen-excluding surfactant organization.
Generalized models reveal stabilizing factors in food webs.
Evidence for a superglass state in solid 4He.
Confining light to deep subwavelength dimensions to enable optical nanopatterning.
C3PO, an endoribonuclease that promotes RNAi by facilitating RISC activation.
Intergenerational wealth transmission and the dynamics of inequality in small-scale societies.
Calcineurin/NFAT signaling is required for neuregulin-regulated Schwann cell differentiation.
Mars surface diversity as revealed by the OMEGA/Mars Express observations.
Self-renewal and cancer of the gut: two sides of a coin.
Regulation of the polarity protein Par6 by TGF receptors controls epithelial cell plasticity.
Learned predictions of error likelihood in the anterior cingulate cortex.
Methylation as a crucial step in plant microRNA biogenesis.
Breakdown of cortical effective connectivity during sleep.
Toward high-resolution de novo structure prediction for small proteins.
Genome streamlining in a cosmopolitan oceanic bacterium.
Reconstitution of circadian oscillation of cyanobacterial KaiC phosphorylation in vitro.
SLC24A5, a putative cation exchanger, affects pigmentation in zebrafish and humans.
The post-spinel transformation in Mg2SiO4 and its relation to the 660-km seismic discontinuity.
Ant odometry in the third dimension.
A principled stance.
Two coexisting vortex phases in the peak effect regime in a superconductor.
Preservation of ancient and fertile lithospheric mantle beneath the southwestern United States.
Late Cretaceous relatives of rabbits, rodents, and other extant eutherian mammals.
Correlated fast X-ray and optical variability in the black-hole candidate XTE J1118&plus; 480.
Pre-meiotic S phase is linked to reductional chromosome segregation and recombination.
-sequence recognition and DNA translocation by single RecBCD helicase/nuclease molecules.
The Earth's 'missing'niobium may be in the core.
Microbial ecology: human gut microbes associated with obesity.
Transforming growth factor- induces development of the TH17 lineage.
Folding DNA to create nanoscale shapes and patterns.
Half-metallic graphene nanoribbons.
Nuclear factor-B in cancer development and progression.
Mitochondrial dysfunction and oxidative stress in neurodegenerative diseases.
Temperature sensitivity of soil carbon decomposition and feedbacks to climate change.
Gout-associated uric acid crystals activate the NALP3 inflammasome.
Global landscape of protein complexes in the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Differential roles of MDA5 and RIG-I helicases in the recognition of RNA viruses.
Anti-inflammatory activity of IVIG mediated through the inhibitory Fc receptor.
Josephson junction arrays with Bose-Einstein condensates.
Haplotype variation and linkage disequilibrium in 313 human genes.
Pot1, the putative telomere end-binding protein in fission yeast and humans.
BAFF-R, a newly identified TNF receptor that specifically interacts with BAFF.
Structural mechanism for statin inhibition of HMG-CoA reductase.
Induction of pancreatic differentiation by signals from blood vessels.
Mammalian TOR: a homeostatic ATP sensor.
Glycosylation of nucleocytoplasmic proteins: signal transduction and O-GlcNAc.
-Secretase cleavage and nuclear localization of ErbB-4 receptor tyrosine kinase.
Structural basis for recognition of centromere histone variant CenH3 by the chaperone Scm3.
Don't define nanomaterials.
Converting nonsense codons into sense codons by targeted pseudouridylation.
A Pluto-like radius and a high albedo for the dwarf planet Eris from an occultation.
Get ready for the flood of fetal gene screening.
Deep winds beneath Saturn/'s upper clouds from a seasonal long-lived planetary-scale storm.
Ephrin Bs are essential components of the Reelin pathway to regulate neuronal migration.
Magneto-thermal convection in solar prominences.
Quantum metropolis sampling.
Black hole growth in the early Universe is self-regulated and largely hidden from view.
Crystal structure of a mammalian voltage-dependent Shaker family K+ channel.
Solid-state light sources getting smart.
Latest advances in understanding preeclampsia.
The renaissance of magnetoelectric multiferroics.
Resonant optical antennas.
Epigenetic transgenerational actions of endocrine disruptors and male fertility.
Exploring and engineering the cell surface interface.
Parietal lobe: from action organization to intention understanding.
Nod2-dependent regulation of innate and adaptive immunity in the intestinal tract.
Climate change and distribution shifts in marine fishes.
Multicolor super-resolution imaging with photo-switchable fluorescent probes.
The product space conditions the development of nations.
Environment-induced sudden death of entanglement.
Mesoscale iron enrichment experiments 1993-2005: Synthesis and future directions.
Bose-Einstein condensation of microcavity polaritons in a trap.
Recent climate observations compared to projections.
Human neuroblasts migrate to the olfactory bulb via a lateral ventricular extension.
Coactivation of receptor tyrosine kinases affects the response of tumor cells to targeted therapies.
Staphylococcus aureus Panton-Valentine leukocidin causes necrotizing pneumonia.
Modulation of neuronal interactions through neuronal synchronization.
Prokaryotic cells of the deep sub-seafloor biosphere identified as living bacteria.
Induction of photosensitivity by heterologous expression of melanopsin.
Animal virus replication and RNAi-mediated antiviral silencing in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Regulation of immunity by self-reactive T cells.
Ipr1 gene mediates innate immunity to tuberculosis.
Gene transfer to plants by diverse species of bacteria.
Orofacial somatomotor responses in the macaque monkey homologue of Broca's area.
Hepatitis C and liver transplantation.
Imaging of Titan from the Cassini spacecraft.
Structure of the E. coli protein-conducting channel bound to a translating ribosome.
Closing of the Indonesian seaway as a precursor to east African aridification around 34 million years ago.
Human disease genes.
High-temperature ultrafast polariton parametric amplification in semiconductor microcavities.
Ca2&plus; signalling between single L-type Ca2&plus; channels and ryanodine receptors in heart cells.
The lipid phosphatase SHIP2 controls insulin sensitivity.
Insights into Wnt binding and signalling from the structures of two Frizzled cysteine-rich domains.
Tripling the capacity of wireless communications using electromagnetic polarization.
Hyperconjugation not steric repulsion leads to the staggered structure of ethane.
The neuronal repellent Slit inhibits leukocyte chemotaxis induced by chemotactic factors.
c-Myc regulates mammalian body size by controlling cell number but not cell size.
The minimal cadherin-catenin complex binds to actin filaments under force.
Resident memory CD8 T cells trigger protective innate and adaptive immune responses.
Long-range orientation and atomic attachment of nanocrystals in 2D honeycomb superlattices.
On the structural stability of mutualistic systems.
Parasympathetic neurons originate from nerve-associated peripheral glial progenitors.
Developments in x-ray crystallographic structure determination of biological macromolecules.
Increased dust deposition in the Pacific Southern Ocean during glacial periods.
Rapid soil production and weathering in the Southern Alps, New Zealand.
Central cellderived peptides regulate early embryo patterning in flowering plants.
Labor market returns to an early childhood stimulation intervention in Jamaica.
Structural basis of gating by the outer membrane transporter FecA.
An" endless" route to cyclic polymers.
Public information and breeding habitat selection in a wild bird population.
AID enzyme-induced hypermutation in an actively transcribed gene in fibroblasts.
Layer-by-layer growth of binary colloidal crystals.
Pseudomonas-Candida interactions: an ecological role for virulence factors.
Erasing the world's slow stain: strategies to beat multidrug-resistant tuberculosis.
Rapid bottom melting widespread near Antarctic ice sheet grounding lines.
Collapse of a degenerate Fermi gas.
A common rule for the scaling of carnivore density.
Interaction-based quantum metrology showing scaling beyond the Heisenberg limit.
A critical role for TCF-1 in T-lineage specification and differentiation.
GlcNAcylation of histone H2B facilitates its monoubiquitination.
Genomics for the world.
A novel protein family mediates Casparian strip formation in the endodermis.
A Raf-induced allosteric transition of KSR stimulates phosphorylation of MEK.
Crystal structure of the CusBA heavy-metal efflux complex of Escherichia coli.
CTCF-binding elements mediate control of V (D) J recombination.
Chromatin-associated RNA interference components contribute to transcriptional regulation in Drosophila.
A synthetic homing endonuclease-based gene drive system in the human malaria mosquito.
ESCRT-III recognition by Vps4 ATPases.
Hebbian STDP in mushroom bodies facilitates the synchronous flow of olfactory information in locusts.
Environmental precursors to rapid light carbon injection at the Palaeocene/Eocene boundary.
Novel neurotrophic factor CDNF protects and rescues midbrain dopamine neurons in vivo.
Inhibition of the EGF receptor by binding of MIG6 to an activating kinase domain interface.
Attribution of observed surface humidity changes to human influence.
A giant outburst two years before the core-collapse of a massive star.
Structural basis for selective recognition of ESCRT-III by the AAA ATPase Vps4.
Evolution of cooperation in a finite homogeneous graph.
A systems biology analysis of the Drosophila phagosome.
The influence of a sense of time on human development.
Integration of plant responses to environmentally activated phytohormonal signals.
Altruistic helping in human infants and young chimpanzees.
Coherent dynamics of coupled electron and nuclear spin qubits in diamond.
A stretchable form of single-crystal silicon for high-performance electronics on rubber substrates.
Low-field magnetic separation of monodisperse Fe3O4 nanocrystals.
HTRA1 promoter polymorphism in wet age-related macular degeneration.
Bacterial small-molecule signaling pathways.
Probing gene expression in live cells, one protein molecule at a time.
Diminishing reciprocal fairness by disrupting the right prefrontal cortex.
Oxygen-isotope evidence for recycled crust in the sources of mid-ocean-ridge basalts.
Social insects: facultative worker policing in a wasp.
Plant pathology: The rise of the hybrid fungi.
Early onset and tropical forcing of 100,000-year Pleistocene glacial cycles.
Non-destructive determination of local strain with 100-nanometre spatial resolution.
It's time to work together and stop duplicating conservation efforts.
Steps and fluctuations of Listeria monocytogenes during actin-based motility.
Signal transduction: a central control for cell growth.
Retrotransposition of a bacterial group II intron.
Uptake of dissolved organic carbon and trace elements by zebra mussels.
Connectivity of marine populations: open or closed?.
Low (sub-1-volt) halfwave voltage polymeric electro-optic modulators achieved by controlling chromophore shape.
Subduction and slab detachment in the Mediterranean-Carpathian region.
Function of PI3K in thymocyte development, T cell activation, and neutrophil migration.
Magnetic vortex core observation in circular dots of permalloy.
Translating stem and progenitor cell biology to the clinic: barriers and opportunities.
Eta-1 (osteopontin): an early component of type-1 (cell-mediated) immunity.
Synaptic assembly of the brain in the absence of neurotransmitter secretion.
Neutral, single-component nickel (II) polyolefin catalysts that tolerate heteroatoms.
Distinct roles of CONSTANS target genes in reproductive development of Arabidopsis.
Spin Hall effect transistor.
Ocean warming slows coral growth in the central Red Sea.
The incidence of fire in Amazonian forests with implications for REDD.
Glucose and weight control in mice with a designed ghrelin O-acyltransferase inhibitor.
Ectopic expression of germline genes drives malignant brain tumor growth in Drosophila.
The onset of collective behavior in social amoebae.
Secreted peptide signals required for maintenance of root stem cell niche in Arabidopsis.
Conserved molecular components for pollen tube reception and fungal invasion.
Structural basis of biological N2O generation by bacterial nitric oxide reductase.
A NusE: NusG complex links transcription and translation.
NADP regulates the yeast GAL induction system.
The dust halo of Saturn's largest icy moon, Rhea.
Properties of gamma-ray burst progenitor stars.
N2O5 oxidizes chloride to Cl2 in acidic atmospheric aerosol.
Selection on major components of angiosperm genomes.
Evidence of global chlorophyll d.
Dimethylsulfoniopropionate as a foraging cue for reef fishes.
Synchronous aggregate growth in an abundant new Ediacaran tubular organism.
[C] Microbicide fails to protect against HIV.
Optical absorption and radiative thermal conductivity of silicate perovskite to 125 gigapascals.
An intrinsic velocity-independent criterion for superfluid turbulence.
Palaeolithic ivory sculptures from southwestern Germany and the origins of figurative art.
Audiovisual perception: Implicit estimation of sound-arrival time.
The bright optical afterglow of the nearby -ray burst of 29 March 2003.
Inferring the palaeoenvironment of ancient bacteria on the basis of resurrected proteins.
Insights into the ubiquitin transfer cascade from the structure of the activating enzyme for NEDD8.
An energetic stellar outburst accompanied by circumstellar light echoes.
A self-organizing system of repressor gradients establishes segmental complexity in Drosophila.
Stability of the body-centred-cubic phase of iron in the Earth's inner core.
Cool Indonesian throughflow as a consequence of restricted surface layer flow.
High-performance electrocatalysts for oxygen reduction derived from polyaniline, iron, and cobalt.
Tet proteins can convert 5-methylcytosine to 5-formylcytosine and 5-carboxylcytosine.
Induction of colonic regulatory T cells by indigenous Clostridium species.
Tet-mediated formation of 5-carboxylcytosine and its excision by TDG in mammalian DNA.
Trophic downgrading of planet Earth.
The mutational landscape of head and neck squamous cell carcinoma.
Rapid range shifts of species associated with high levels of climate warming.
Innate or adaptive immunity? The example of natural killer cells.
Light propagation with phase discontinuities: generalized laws of reflection and refraction.
Climate trends and global crop production since 1980.
Creation and diagnosis of a solid-density plasma with an X-ray free-electron laser.
Prions are a common mechanism for phenotypic inheritance in wild yeasts.
ZNRF3 promotes Wnt receptor turnover in an R-spondin-sensitive manner.
IL-22BP is regulated by the inflammasome and modulates tumorigenesis in the intestine.
Crystal structure of the multidrug transporter P-glycoprotein from Caenorhabditis elegans.
Crystal structure of the channelrhodopsin light-gated cation channel.
HIV therapy by a combination of broadly neutralizing antibodies in humanized mice.
The aged niche disrupts muscle stem cell quiescence.
Type VI secretion requires a dynamic contractile phage tail-like structure.
Choice-specific sequences in parietal cortex during a virtual-navigation decision task.
Neuropsychosocial profiles of current and future adolescent alcohol misusers.
Parent-of-origin-specific allelic associations among 106 genomic loci for age at menarche.
Species coexistence and the dynamics of phenotypic evolution in adaptive radiation.
The remnant of a merger between two dwarf galaxies in Andromeda [thinsp] II.
Dynamic and static maintenance of epigenetic memory in pluripotent and somatic cells.
Structure of the DDB1-CRBN E3 ubiquitin ligase in complex with thalidomide.
Fructose-1, 6-bisphosphatase opposes renal carcinoma progression.
Uncertainties in transpiration estimates.
SMYD3 links lysine methylation of MAP3K2 to Ras-driven cancer.
Formation of monatomic metallic glasses through ultrafast liquid quenching.
Deep origin and hot melting of an Archaean orogenic peridotite massif in Norway.
Movement of 'gating charge'is coupled to ligand binding in a G-protein-coupled receptor.
US biofuels: A field in ferment.
Early stone technology on Flores and its implications for Homo floresiensis.
Structural basis for broad DNA-specificity in integron recombination.
A climatologically significant aerosol longwave indirect effect in the Arctic.
Ab initio determination of solid-state nanostructure.
Mashups mix data into global service.
Parthenogenesis in Komodo dragons.
Molecular epidemiology: HIV-1 and HCV sequences from Libyan outbreak.
Control of mammalian G protein signaling by N-terminal acetylation and the N-end rule pathway.
Comment on Using ecological thresholds to evaluate the costs and benefits of set-asides in a biodiversity hotspot.
Coulomb crystallization of highly charged ions.
The microbiota regulates type 2 immunity through RORt+ T cells.
Advances in natural language processing.
A mucosal vaccine against Chlamydia trachomatis generates two waves of protective memory T cells.
Bidirectional control of social hierarchy by synaptic efficacy in medial prefrontal cortex.
Microtomography of partially molten rocks: three-dimensional melt distribution in mantle peridotite.
Reduced interannual rainfall variability in East Africa during the last ice age.
HD 181068: A red giant in a triply eclipsing compact hierarchical triple system.
A main group metal sandwich: five lithium cations jammed between two corannulene tetraanion decks.
Metallic quantum well states in artificial structures of strongly correlated oxide.
Independent and parallel recruitment of preexisting mechanisms underlying C4 photosynthesis.
The S3ion is stable in geological fluids at elevated temperatures and pressures.
Long-range topological order in metallic glass.
A simple, multidimensional approach to high-throughput discovery of catalytic reactions.
Long-range interactions within a nonnative protein.
Shaping the vertebrate body plan by polarized embryonic cell movements.
Global biodiversity, biochemical kinetics, and the energetic-equivalence rule.
Connecting chromosomes, crisis, and cancer.
Spider silk fibers spun from soluble recombinant silk produced in mammalian cells.
Requirement of a macromolecular signaling complex for  adrenergic receptor modulation of the KCNQ1-KCNE1 potassium channel.
The effect of size-dependent nanoparticle energetics on catalyst sintering.
Resolution of lung inflammation by CD44.
Subnuclear compartmentalization of immunoglobulin loci during lymphocyte development.
Role of predicted metalloprotease motif of Jab1/Csn5 in cleavage of Nedd8 from Cul1.
Initial corrosion observed on the atomic scale.
The dynamics of melt and shear localization in partially molten aggregates.
Validating cancer drug targets.
Dislocation multi-junctions and strain hardening.
Energy input and response from prompt and early optical afterglow emission in -ray bursts.
Following the signal sequence from ribosomal tunnel exit to signal recognition particle.
Mathematical physics: Search research.
Gulf Stream density structure and transport during the past millennium.
Immunology: what does it mean to be just 17?.
The inner-nuclear-envelope protein emerin regulates HIV-1 infectivity.
Collaborative non-self recognition system in S-RNasebased self-incompatibility.
Shaping development of autophagy inhibitors with the structure of the lipid kinase Vps34.
Graphene spreads the heat.
Shared social responsibility: A field experiment in pay-what-you-want pricing and charitable giving.
CKAMP44: a brain-specific protein attenuating short-term synaptic plasticity in the dentate gyrus.
Molecular identity of dendritic voltage-gated sodium channels.
Conformational spread as a mechanism for cooperativity in the bacterial flagellar switch.
The Tasmanian devil transcriptome reveals Schwann cell origins of a clonally transmissible cancer.
Gradual adaptation toward a range-expansion phenotype initiated the global radiation of toads.
Lopsided growth of Earth's inner core.
The homeodomain-containing transcription factor, Gh HOX3, is a key regulator of cotton fiber elongation.
Types of knowledge in science-based practices.
Light in tiny holes.
Electronic spin transport and spin precession in single graphene layers at room temperature.
A genome-wide transgenic RNAi library for conditional gene inactivation in Drosophila.
Interleukin-22, a TH17 cytokine, mediates IL-23-induced dermal inflammation and acanthosis.
Evolution of genes and genomes on the Drosophila phylogeny.
The delayed rise of present-day mammals.
Quantum nature of a strongly coupled single quantum dotcavity system.
Senescence and tumour clearance is triggered by p53 restoration in murine liver carcinomas.
Stability and flexibility of epigenetic gene regulation in mammalian development.
Essential autocrine regulation by IL-21 in the generation of inflammatory T cells.
Strategies for containing an emerging influenza pandemic in Southeast Asia.
Structure of the cross- spine of amyloid-like fibrils.
Effective leadership and decision-making in animal groups on the move.
Serum response factor regulates a muscle-specific microRNA that targets Hand2 during cardiogenesis.
Evolution of indirect reciprocity.
Hypothalamic regulation of sleep and circadian rhythms.
Impact of regional climate change on human health.
The F-box protein TIR1 is an auxin receptor.
The origin of bursts and heavy tails in human dynamics.
Crucial role of p53-dependent cellular senescence in suppression of Pten-deficient tumorigenesis.
Crystal structure of the GpIb-thrombin complex essential for platelet aggregation.
Comment on" Hexapod origins: monophyletic or paraphyletic?".
Visualizing tmRNA entry into a stalled ribosome.
Eocene El Nino: Evidence for robust tropical dynamics in the" hothouse".
Microarrays--Guilt by Association.
Templating organic semiconductors via self-assembly of polymer colloids.
Atmospheric detection of water dimers via near-infrared absorption.
Asynchronous climate changes in the North Atlantic and Japan during the last termination.
An X-ray nebula associated with the millisecond pulsar B1957+ 20.
Helical conformation of alkanes in a hydrophobic cavitand.
Structural basis of ultraviolet-B perception by UVR8.
The limits of the nuclear landscape.
Zero-valent sulphur is a key intermediate in marine methane oxidation.
Site-specific DICER and DROSHA RNA products control the DNA-damage response.
KCTD13 is a major driver of mirrored neuroanatomical phenotypes of the 16p11. 2 copy number variant.
Imaging ultrafast molecular dynamics with laser-induced electron diffraction.
Genomic approaches to studying the human microbiota.
Autistic-like behaviour in Scn1a+/-mice and rescue by enhanced GABA-mediated neurotransmission.
Crystal structure of a bacterial homologue of glucose transporters GLUT1-4.
A sensing array of radically coupled genetic/biopixels/'.
The genome sequence of the thermoacidophilic scavenger Thermoplasma acidophilum.
Chromodomains are proteinRNA interaction modules.
Enantioselective magnetochiral photochemistry.
CD1c-mediated T-cell recognition of isoprenoid glycolipids in Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection.
Signatures of granular microstructure in dense shear flows.
Correlated electron emission in multiphoton double ionization.
Alloys: A stable binary quasicrystal.
Parasite adaptation to locally common host genotypes.
Transport, capture and exocytosis of single synaptic vesicles at active zones.
Notch signalling and the synchronization of the somite segmentation clock.
Network dynamics: Jamming is limited in scale-free systems.
Surprisingly rapid growth in Neanderthals.
Mg isotope evidence for contemporaneous formation of chondrules and refractory inclusions.
Hox cluster disintegration with persistent anteroposterior order of expression in Oikopleura dioica.
Mapping opportunities.
Recognition of RNA polymerase II carboxy-terminal domain by 3-RNA-processing factors.
Determination of electron orbital magnetic moments in carbon nanotubes.
Engineering complex systems.
Prediction of Emperor-Hawaii seamount locations from a revised model of global plate motion and mantle flow.
Organization of genetic variation in individuals of arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi.
Phosphoglycerate kinase acts in tumour angiogenesis as a disulphide reductase.
An electroneutral sodium/bicarbonate cotransporter NBCn1 and associated sodium channel.
The mouse Dreher gene Lmx1a controls formation of the roof plate in the vertebrate CNS.
Functional architecture of an intracellular membrane t-SNARE.
Neural synchrony correlates with surface segregation rules.
Metal-ion coordination by U6 small nuclear RNA contributes to catalysis in the spliceosome.
Detection and classification of atmospheric methane oxidizing bacteria in soil.
Evolvability of an RNA virus is determined by its mutational neighbourhood.
Population genetics: Malaria susceptibility and CD36 mutation.
Distinct -catenins mediate adhesion and signalling functions in C. elegans.
Rice, psychology, and innovation.
Rekindled HIV infection.
The birth of cooperation.
A bacterial seek-and-destroy system for foreign DNA.
[C] A carbon code of conduct for science.
Making the H-Cluster from Scratch.
Nature's first functional food.
Electrons take the fast track through silicon.
The neural code that makes us human.
Evidence that microRNAs are associated with translating messenger RNAs in human cells.
Structures of human insulin-degrading enzyme reveal a new substrate recognition mechanism.
Finite lifetime of turbulence in shear flows.
Slip zone and energetics of a large earthquake from the Taiwan Chelungpu-fault Drilling Project.
Atom-by-atom analysis of global downhill protein folding.
Wave and defect dynamics in nonlinear photonic quasicrystals.
Stochastic spineless expression creates the retinal mosaic for colour vision.
Specification of the neural crest occurs during gastrulation and requires Pax7.
Arctic hydrology during global warming at the Palaeocene/Eocene thermal maximum.
A photometric redshift of z &equals; 6.390.12 for GRB 050904.
Selective activation of p53-mediated tumour suppression in high-grade tumours.
ETV1 is a lineage survival factor that cooperates with KIT in gastrointestinal stromal tumours.
Blindsight depends on the lateral geniculate nucleus.
Stage-specific sensitivity to p53 restoration during lung cancer progression.
The structural basis for membrane binding and pore formation by lymphocyte perforin.
Genomic and functional adaptation in surface ocean planktonic prokaryotes.
The structure of (CENP-A-H4) 2 reveals physical features that mark centromeres.
Multiple personal genomes await.
Self-assembly of spider silk proteins is controlled by a pH-sensitive relay.
Asterless is a scaffold for the onset of centriole assembly.
Trace element signature of subduction-zone fluids, melts and supercritical liquids at 120180 km depth.
Simultaneous determination of protein structure and dynamics.
A thermally self-sustained micro solid-oxide fuel-cell stack with high power density.
Functional consequences of a CKI mutation causing familial advanced sleep phase syndrome.
The afterglow of GRB 050709 and the nature of the short-hard -ray bursts.
Seismology: Speed and size of the Sumatra earthquake.
SUMO-modified PCNA recruits Srs2 to prevent recombination during S phase.
Visualizing the mechanical activation of Src.
Subunit arrangement and function in NMDA receptors.
Hypothalamic KATP channels control hepatic glucose production.
Diversity of human  T cell receptors.
Equilibrium regained: From nonequilibrium chaos to statistical mechanics.
Negative Poisson's ratios for extreme states of matter.
Tropical climate at the last glacial maximum inferred from glacier mass-balance modeling.
Species-area relations in tropical forests.
Drug-resistant TB on the rise.
Proximity matters.
Independence of R/M/N focus formation and the presence of intact BRCA1.
A time for restraint.
An RNA ligase essential for RNA editing and survival of the bloodstream form of Trypanosoma brucei.
Global efforts in structural genomics.
Location, location, location: membrane targeting directed by PX domains.
Notch inhibition of RAS signaling through MAP kinase phosphatase LIP-1 during C. elegans vulval development.
Oxygen isotopes and the Moon-forming giant impact.
Resource needs for HIV/AIDS.
Mantle flow beneath a continental strike-slip fault: Postseismic deformation after the 1999 Hector Mine earthquake.
Estimation of epidemic size and incubation time based on age characteristics of vCJD in the United Kingdom.
Arrested differentiation, the self-renewing memory lymphocyte, and vaccination.
High-temperature superconductivity in lattice-expanded C60.
Quantum ground state and single-phonon control of a mechanical resonator.
Circulating mitochondrial DAMPs cause inflammatory responses to injury.
Distant metastasis occurs late during the genetic evolution of pancreatic cancer.
Clinical efficacy of a RAF inhibitor needs broad target blockade in BRAF-mutant melanoma.
Coherently wired light-harvesting in photosynthetic marine algae at ambient temperature.
RAF inhibitors transactivate RAF dimers and ERK signalling in cells with wild-type BRAF.
A coding-independent function of gene and pseudogene mRNAs regulates tumour biology.
Widespread transcription at neuronal activity-regulated enhancers.
Link communities reveal multiscale complexity in networks.
COT drives resistance to RAF inhibition through MAP kinase pathway reactivation.
Engineered fish: friend or foe of the environment?.
Water and ice.
Measuring spacetime: from the big bang to black holes.
Tides, earthquakes, and volcanoes.
Cell migration research is on the move.
CO bond formation by polyketide synthases.
The ocean's role in Atlantic climate variability.
A New" Industrial Ecology".
Single-neuron arithmetic.
Public-private group maps out initiatives.
Fluorometric detection of enzyme activity with synthetic supramolecular pores.
Small numbers of big molecules.
Quaternary refugia and persistence of biodiversity.
AGTR2 mutations in X-linked mental retardation.
Mantophasmatodea: a new insect order with extant members in the Afrotropics.
Analyzing biomolecular interactions.
Role of the isthmus and FGFs in resolving the paradox of neural crest plasticity and prepatterning.
Spontaneous air-driven separation in vertically vibrated fine granular mixtures.
A distinct signaling pathway used by the IgG-containing B cell antigen receptor.
Contact-dependent demyelination by Mycobacterium leprae in the absence of immune cells.
BAI1 is an engulfment receptor for apoptotic cells upstream of the ELMO/Dock180/Rac module.
Strong dipolar effects in a quantum ferrofluid.
Aggregation and vesiculation of membrane proteins by curvature-mediated interactions.
Quantum jumps of light recording the birth and death of a photon in a cavity.
Repression of the human dihydrofolate reductase gene by a non-coding interfering transcript.
Tunable nanowire nonlinear optical probe.
Electron pockets in the Fermi surface of hole-doped high-Tc superconductors.
Non-transcriptional control of DNA replication by c-Myc.
CD1dlipid-antigen recognition by the semi-invariant NKT T-cell receptor.
Preserving the evolutionary potential of floras in biodiversity hotspots.
Marine ecology: spring algal bloom and larval fish survival.
The BTB protein MEL-26 is a substrate-specific adaptor of the CUL-3 ubiquitin-ligase.
The speed of information in a 'fast-light'optical medium.
Semaphorin 7A promotes axon outgrowth through integrins and MAPKs.
Mitochondrial membrane remodelling regulated by a conserved rhomboid protease.
Evolutionary capacitance as a general feature of complex gene networks.
The complexities of skeletal biology.
Telomere dysfunction and Atm deficiency compromises organ homeostasis and accelerates ageing.
Probing molecular dynamics with attosecond resolution using correlated wave packet pairs.
Spreading of nanofluids on solids.
Identification of small molecule activators of cryptochrome.
Heralded entanglement between widely separated atoms.
Evolutionary trade-offs, Pareto optimality, and the geometry of phenotype space.
Unique processing during a period of high excitation/inhibition balance in adult-born neurons.
Repeatability and contingency in the evolution of a key innovation in phage lambda.
Natural SIV hosts: showing AIDS the door.
Unicellular cyanobacterium symbiotic with a single-celled eukaryotic alga.
Gravity field and internal structure of Mercury from MESSENGER.
Financial costs of meeting global biodiversity conservation targets: current spending and unmet needs.
Processing and subcellular trafficking of ER-tethered EIN2 control response to ethylene gas.
Producing primate embryonic stem cells by somatic cell nuclear transfer.
Recovery of learning and memory is associated with chromatin remodelling.
Coupling superconducting qubits via a cavity bus.
Metagenomic and functional analysis of hindgut microbiota of a wood-feeding higher termite.
Cycling of O-linked -N-acetylglucosamine on nucleocytoplasmic proteins.
A flagellin-induced complex of the receptor FLS2 and BAK1 initiates plant defence.
Mechanism of auxin perception by the TIR1 ubiquitin ligase.
Dissolved organic carbon trends resulting from changes in atmospheric deposition chemistry.
Interferon modulation of cellular microRNAs as an antiviral mechanism.
Transvascular delivery of small interfering RNA to the central nervous system.
High rates of N2 fixation by unicellular diazotrophs in the oligotrophic Pacific Ocean.
Cytoplasmic dynein functions as a gear in response to load.
Resonance effects indicate a radical-pair mechanism for avian magnetic compass.
A correlation between the cosmic microwave background and large-scale structure in the Universe.
A high abundance of massive galaxies 36 billion years after the Big Bang.
Myocardin and ternary complex factors compete for SRF to control smooth muscle gene expression.
Differential modulation of endotoxin responsiveness by human caspase-12 polymorphisms.
Biological abnormality of impaired reading is constrained by culture.
Protein-only transmission of three yeast prion strains.
Lumenal gating mechanism revealed in calcium pump crystal structures with phosphate analogues.
Marker metabolites can be therapeutic targets as well.
What spaceguard did.
Ecology: Destabilized fish stocks.
Using seismic waves to image Earth's internal structure.
The essential role of the CopN protein in Chlamydia pneumoniae intracellular growth.
Do abnormal responses show utilitarian bias?.
Semi-annual oscillations in Saturn's low-latitude stratospheric temperatures.
Physiology: myoglobin's new clothes.
Complex speciation of humans and chimpanzees.
Stem cells: a new year and a new era.
Medicago truncatula DMI1 required for bacterial and fungal symbioses in legumes.
Rescue of dystrophic muscle through U7 snRNA-mediated exon skipping.
The impact of United States recreational fisheries on marine fish populations.
Protein kinase G from pathogenic mycobacteria promotes survival within macrophages.
Whence molecular electronics?.
On the cause of the 1930s Dust Bowl.
GlyR 3: an essential target for spinal PGE2-mediated inflammatory pain sensitization.
The genomic sequence of the accidental pathogen Legionella pneumophila.
MHC class I peptides as chemosensory signals in the vomeronasal organ.
Transformation of olfactory representations in the Drosophila antennal lobe.
Unsuspected diversity among marine aerobic anoxygenic phototrophs.
Mice deficient in the Rac activator Tiam1 are resistant to Ras-induced skin tumours.
Loss of the Lkb1 tumour suppressor provokes intestinal polyposis but resistance to transformation.
Histone methylation by the Drosophila epigenetic transcriptional regulator Ash1.
Sperm from neonatal mammalian testes grafted in mice.
RIM1 is required for presynaptic long-term potentiation.
Geology and palaeontology of the Upper Miocene Toros-Menalla hominid locality, Chad.
Equilibrium lithium transport between nanocrystalline phases in intercalated TiO2 anatase.
Hox protein mutation and macroevolution of the insect body plan.
Dendrite growth increased by visual activity requires NMDA receptor and Rho GTPases.
Palaeontological evidence for an Oligocene divergence between Old World monkeys and apes.
An observational correlation between stellar brightness variations and surface gravity.
Reactivating head regrowth in a regeneration-deficient planarian species.
Olivine in an unexpected location on Vesta/'s surface.
Stimulated X-ray emission for materials science.
Structure and function of the Salmonella Typhi chimaeric A2B5 typhoid toxin.
Glaciations in response to climate variations preconditioned by evolving topography.
A Jurassic avialan dinosaur from China resolves the early phylogenetic history of birds.
PRC1 coordinates timing of sexual differentiation of female primordial germ cells.
Oncogenic Nras has bimodal effects on stem cells that sustainably increase competitiveness.
Failure of bone marrow cells to transdifferentiate into neural cells in vivo.
Breakthrouhg of the year.
Mammal population losses and the extinction crisis.
AR signaling required for diet-induced thermogenesis and obesity resistance.
Outbreak of poliomyelitis in Hispaniola associated with circulating type 1 vaccine-derived poliovirus.
Television viewing and aggressive behavior during adolescence and adulthood.
Geographic range size and determinants of avian species richness.
Channelrhodopsin-1: a light-gated proton channel in green algae.
Effect of p53 status on tumor response to antiangiogenic therapy.
Regulation of corepressor function by nuclear NADH.
Immunology: Close encounters of the second type.
[C] World view: Curing climate backlash..
Supergrid.
Geomicrobiology: Sediment reactions defy dogma.
Time to underpin Wikipedia wisdom.
Cancer: The blind spot of p53.
Synthetic biology: Living quarters.
Metabolism: tick, tock, a [beta]-cell clock.
Microbiology: genetic pot luck.
Electronics: A diverse printed future.
Enforcement of temporal fidelity in pyramidal cells by somatic feed-forward inhibition.
Regulation of longevity and stress resistance by Sch9 in yeast.
Protein dynamics: implications for nuclear architecture and gene expression.
Regional climate impacts of the Northern Hemisphere annular mode.
Correlation between histone lysine methylation and developmental changes at the chicken -globin locus.
Fast backprojections from the motion to the primary visual area necessary for visual awareness.
Methylation of histone H4 at arginine 3 facilitating transcriptional activation by nuclear hormone receptor.
Replication dynamics of the yeast genome.
Ecological forecasts: an emerging imperative.
Age, sex, density, winter weather, and population crashes in Soay sheep.
Misaligned spin and orbital axes cause the anomalous precession of DI Herculis.
Regulation of adaptive behaviour during fasting by hypothalamic Foxa2.
The postsynaptic function of type II cochlear afferents.
Early Cambrian ocean anoxia in south China.
Photon-by-photon feedback control of a single-atom trajectory.
Signal peptides are allosteric activators of the protein translocase.
ErbB2 resembles an autoinhibited invertebrate epidermal growth factor receptor.
The possibility of impossible cultures.
Transcriptomics: The digital generation.
Biological chemistry: Beyond radical thinking.
AlkB-mediated oxidative demethylation reverses DNA damage in Escherichia coli.
Host-induced epidemic spread of the cholera bacterium.
Hedgehog regulates cell growth and proliferation by inducing Cyclin D and Cyclin E.
Dec1 and Dec2 are regulators of the mammalian molecular clock.
Creating a bioinformatics nation.
Plasmon-assisted transmission of entangled photons.
Quantum cryptography: A step towards global key distribution.
Structural basis for the activation of anthrax adenylyl cyclase exotoxin by calmodulin.
Dendritic spikes as a mechanism for cooperative long-term potentiation.
Phonon-enhanced lightmatter interaction at the nanometre scale.
Chemokine gene silencing in decidual stromal cells limits T cell access to the maternal-fetal interface.
Composites reinforced in three dimensions by using low magnetic fields.
An immunosurveillance mechanism controls cancer cell ploidy.
A fine-scale chimpanzee genetic map from population sequencing.
Chiral Cyclopentadienyl Ligands as Stereocontrolling Element in Asymmetric CH Functionalization.
Shared synaptic pathophysiology in syndromic and nonsyndromic rodent models of autism.
Electromechanical properties of graphene drumheads.
The imprint of the extragalactic background light in the gamma-ray spectra of blazars.
Imaginal discs secrete insulin-like peptide 8 to mediate plasticity of growth and maturation.
Cilia at the node of mouse embryos sense fluid flow for left-right determination via Pkd2.
Mistargeted mitochondrial proteins activate a proteostatic response in the cytosol.
Fundamental properties of unperturbed haematopoiesis from stem cells in vivo.
Cosmology: The oldest cosmic light.
A PP1-PP2A phosphatase relay controls mitotic progression.
Materials science: Like cartilage, but simpler.
New cosmogenic burial ages for Sterkfontein Member 2 Australopithecus and Member 5 Oldowan.
The Xist lncRNA interacts directly with SHARP to silence transcription through HDAC3.
Forests: See the trees and the wood..
Kinetochore-localized PP1-Sds22 couples chromosome segregation to polar relaxation.
Turning point: Danielle Edwards.
Playing tricks with designer" atoms".
Immunoglobulin-domain proteins required for maintenance of ventral nerve cord organization.
Transcription: Unlocking the gates to gene expression.
Setbacks for endostatin.
Prime time for cellulose.
Nucleotide variation along the Drosophila melanogaster fourth chromosome.
Inhibition of excess nodal signaling during mouse gastrulation by the transcriptional corepressor DRAP1.
The function of the cranial crest and jaws of a unique pterosaur from the Early Cretaceous of Brazil.
Synthesis and structure of formally hexavalent palladium complexes.
Dissolved organic carbon support of respiration in the dark ocean.
Beyond the bond.
Dampening of death pathways by schnurri-2 is essential for T-cell development.
Biomarkers: Portents of malignancy.
Cardiovascular disease: the diet-microbe morbid union.
Food: The omnivore's labyrinth.
Non-English papers decrease rankings.
Synthetic genomes: The next step for the synthetic genome.
The Soret effect and isotopic fractionation in high-temperature silicate melts.
Fishery reform slips through the net.
Maturation-dependent HIV-1 surface protein redistribution revealed by fluorescence nanoscopy.
Ecological populations of bacteria act as socially cohesive units of antibiotic production and resistance.
GFAJ-1 is an arsenate-resistant, phosphate-dependent organism.
Bacterial quorum sensing and metabolic incentives to cooperate.
A Papaver somniferum 10-gene cluster for synthesis of the anticancer alkaloid noscapine.
Conspecific negative density dependence and forest diversity.
Topography of the northern hemisphere of Mercury from MESSENGER laser altimetry.
Rapid folding of DNA into nanoscale shapes at constant temperature.
Real-time evolution of new genes by innovation, amplification, and divergence.
Copper systematics in arc magmas and implications for crust-mantle differentiation.
Titan's rotation reveals an internal ocean and changing zonal winds.
Antimicrobial defense and persistent infection in insects.
The subduction zone flow field from seismic anisotropy: A global view.
A conserved molecular framework for compound leaf development.
Near-field plates: subdiffraction focusing with patterned surfaces.
Current-induced spin-wave Doppler shift.
Hopping hotspots: global shifts in marine biodiversity.
Strong dissipation inhibits losses and induces correlations in cold molecular gases.
Quantum communication with zero-capacity channels.
Multilevel regulation of gene expression by microRNAs.
Information theory: Knowledge and know-how.
Flexible high-temperature dielectric materials from polymer nanocomposites.
Cruchaga & Goate reply.
Natural history: Rescue Eastern Europe's collections.
 .
European Union: New law risks release of invasive species.
hiCLIP reveals the in vivo atlas of mRNA secondary structures recognized by Staufen 1.
Earth science: Free and forced climate variations.
Microbiome Engineering.
Atomic inner-shell laser at 1.5-angstrom wavelength pumped by an X-ray free-electron laser.
Integrated catalytic conversion of -valerolactone to liquid alkenes for transportation fuels.
Functional and evolutionary insights from the genomes of three parasitoid Nasonia species.
Genetic evidence for high-altitude adaptation in Tibet.
Frequent mutation of BAP1 in metastasizing uveal melanomas.
Renewable chemical commodity feedstocks from integrated catalytic processing of pyrolysis oils.
Cytochrome P450 compound I: capture, characterization, and CH bond activation kinetics.
The Chicxulub asteroid impact and mass extinction at the Cretaceous-Paleogene boundary.
Adaptive evolution of pelvic reduction in sticklebacks by recurrent deletion of a Pitx1 enhancer.
Spiroindolones, a potent compound class for the treatment of malaria.
Direct observation and quantification of CO2 binding within an amine-functionalized nanoporous solid.
Recognition of histone H3 lysine-4 methylation by the double tudor domain of JMJD2A.
Humanization of yeast to produce complex terminally sialylated glycoproteins.
The molecular architecture of axonemes revealed by cryoelectron tomography.
Apes save tools for future use.
Pituitary adenoma predisposition caused by germline mutations in the AIP gene.
Dual infection with HIV and malaria fuels the spread of both diseases in sub-Saharan Africa.
Herpesviral protein networks and their interaction with the human proteome.
Neurochemical modulation of response inhibition and probabilistic learning in humans.
Fast Variability of TeraElectron Volt  Rays from the Radio Galaxy M87.
Broadband cavity ringdown spectroscopy for sensitive and rapid molecular detection.
Therapeutic haemoglobin synthesis in -thalassaemic mice expressing lentivirus-encoded human -globin.
Evidence for stabilizing selection in a eukaryotic enhancer element.
Tree species impoverishment and the future flora of the Atlantic forest of northeast Brazil.
A family of candidate taste receptors in human and mouse.
Trapping an atom with single photons.
Complete photonic bandgaps in 12-fold symmetric quasicrystals.
Betaglycan binds inhibin and can mediate functional antagonism of activin signalling.
Intelligence: Maze-solving by an amoeboid organism.
Distinct functions of the two isoforms of dopamine D2 receptors.
Electrostatic trapping of ammonia molecules.
RAF inhibitor resistance is mediated by dimerization of aberrantly spliced BRAF (V600E).
Neocortical excitation/inhibition balance in information processing and social dysfunction.
Frequent mutation of histone-modifying genes in non-Hodgkin lymphoma.
Clearance of p16Ink4a-positive senescent cells delays ageing-associated disorders.
The crystal structure of a voltage-gated sodium channel.
Pervasive roles of microRNAs in cardiovascular biology.
A forty-kilodalton protein of the inner membrane is the mitochondrial calcium uniporter.
CCL2 recruits inflammatory monocytes to facilitate breast-tumour metastasis.
Transcriptomic analysis of autistic brain reveals convergent molecular pathology.
The challenge of new drug discovery for tuberculosis.
Professional antigen-presentation function by human  T cells.
A new population of very high energy gamma-ray sources in the Milky Way.
Extensive diversity of Ig-superfamily proteins in the immune system of insects.
Penetration of human-induced warming into the world's oceans.
Spectral signatures of hydrated proton vibrations in water clusters.
The gut and energy balance: visceral allies in the obesity wars.
Parallel patterns of evolution in the genomes and transcriptomes of humans and chimpanzees.
Voyager 1 explores the termination shock region and the heliosheath beyond.
Discovery of very high energy gamma rays associated with an X-ray binary.
Endosomal proteolysis of the Ebola virus glycoprotein is necessary for infection.
Multifunctional encoded particles for high-throughput biomolecule analysis.
Temporal variability of the Atlantic meridional overturning circulation at 26.5 N.
A general model of prion strains and their pathogenicity.
Improved surface temperature prediction for the coming decade from a global climate model.
Widespread lateral gene transfer from intracellular bacteria to multicellular eukaryotes.
Mosaic organization of neural stem cells in the adult brain.
Genomic minimalism in the early diverging intestinal parasite Giardia lamblia.
Phase-coherent transport in graphene quantum billiards.
Wnt induces LRP6 signalosomes and promotes dishevelled-dependent LRP6 phosphorylation.
An intrinsic bond-centered electronic glass with unidirectional domains in underdoped cuprates.
Ocean-fertilization project off Canada sparks furore.
Cancer: solving an age-old problem.
Drug candidates derailed in case of mistaken identity.
Do we need a global strategy for microbial conservation?.
Making connections.
Gene data to hit milestone.
Cell biology: dormant and restless skin stem cells.
Sequencing data: A genomic network to monitor Earth.
Alzheimer's disease: A breach in the blood-brain barrier.
X-ray observation of a transient hemiaminal trapped in a porous network.
Clustering of InsP3 receptors by InsP3 retunes their regulation by InsP3 and Ca2+.
Photoconductance and inverse photoconductance in films of functionalized metal nanoparticles.
Post-publication sharing of data and tools.
Nodal signalling is involved in leftright asymmetry in snails.
Universality of galactic surface densities within one dark halo scale-length.
Age of Zhoukoudian Homo erectus determined with 26Al/10Be burial dating.
Discovery of dual function acridones as a new antimalarial chemotype.
F-box protein FBXO31 mediates cyclin D1 degradation to induce G1 arrest after DNA damage.
Stable isotope constraints on Holocene carbon cycle changes from an Antarctic ice core.
Self-directed self-assembly of nanoparticle/copolymer mixtures.
Global histone modification patterns predict risk of prostate cancer recurrence.
A synthetic multicellular system for programmed pattern formation.
Fruit bats as reservoirs of Ebola virus.
Superspreading and the effect of individual variation on disease emergence.
Functional imaging with cellular resolution reveals precise micro-architecture in visual cortex.
Soft X-ray microscopy at a spatial resolution better than 15 nm.
Unravelling hepatitis C virus replication from genome to function.
Tunable gold catalysts for selective hydrocarbon oxidation under mild conditions.
Endothelial cells and VEGF in vascular development.
Cytoplasmic PML function in TGF- signalling.
Epigenetic regulation of translation reveals hidden genetic variation to produce complex traits.
Differentiating germ cells can revert into functional stem cells in Drosophila melanogaster ovaries.
Human genome: end of the beginning.
Adhesion: elastocapillary coalescence in wet hair.
Regulation of ethylene gas biosynthesis by the Arabidopsis ETO1 protein.
Anaerobic hydrocarbon biodegradation in deep subsurface oil reservoirs.
Genetic evidence supports demic diffusion of Han culture.
Effect of extrinsic mortality on the evolution of senescence in guppies.
Antibiotics at the crossroads.
A guide to the day of big data.
Brain technologies raise unprecedented ethical challenges.
[C] Risks and benefits may turn out to be finely balanced.
Biologists napping while work militarized.
Organic chemistry: Forgotten hydrocarbons prepared.
Archaeology: Maya, Khmer and Inca.
Ecology: Traits of plant invaders.
Flu: weighing up conflicting expert information.
Cancer: When restriction is good.
Spectroscopic confirmation of a galaxy at redshift z= 8.6.
Head swivel on the ribosome facilitates translocation by means of intra-subunit tRNA hybrid sites.
The ploidy conveyor of mature hepatocytes as a source of genetic variation.
Structure and mechanism of human DNA polymerase [eegr].
Crystal structure of HIV-1 Tat complexed with human P-TEFb.
Driving the cell cycle with a minimal CDK control network.
Promiscuity and the evolutionary transition to complex societies.
Hsp90 prevents phenotypic variation by suppressing the mutagenic activity of transposons.
Natural allelic variation underlying a major fitness trade-off in Arabidopsis thaliana.
The male mouse pheromone ESP1 enhances female sexual receptive behaviour through a specific vomeronasal receptor.
Nonvolcanic tremors deep beneath the San Andreas Fault.
Antagonistic control of disease resistance protein stability in the plant immune system.
Radio and plasma wave observations at Saturn from Cassini's approach and first orbit.
Entropically driven helix formation.
The kaposin B protein of KSHV activates the p38/MK2 pathway and stabilizes cytokine mRNAs.
The effect of diurnal correction on satellite-derived lower tropospheric temperature.
The rise of oxygen over the past 205 million years and the evolution of large placental mammals.
HST2 mediates SIR2-independent life-span extension by calorie restriction.
Temporal relationships of carbon cycling and ocean circulation at glacial boundaries.
Inferential structure determination.
Dielectrophoretic assembly of electrically functional microwires from nanoparticle suspensions.
G protein regulation of ion channels and abscisic acid signaling in Arabidopsis guard cells.
Solar forcing of drought frequency in the Maya lowlands.
The closest living relatives of land plants.
Evidence for substantial variations of atmospheric hydroxyl radicals in the past two decades.
Magnetic field-tuned quantum criticality in the metallic ruthenate Sr3Ru2O7.
SNARE function analyzed in synaptobrevin/VAMP knockout mice.
Relapse to cocaine-seeking after hippocampal theta burst stimulation.
Fast drop movements resulting from the phase change on a gradient surface.
Triallelic inheritance in Bardet-Biedl syndrome, a Mendelian recessive disorder.
Integration of interferon-/ signalling to p53 responses in tumour suppression and antiviral defence.
Nanoelectromechanical systems: Nanodevice motion at microwave frequencies.
Modulation of oestrogen receptor signalling by association with the activated dioxin receptor.
SNARE-protein-mediated disease resistance at the plant cell wall.
Development and maintenance of B and T lymphocytes requires antiapoptotic MCL-1.
Adaptation of core mechanisms to generate cell polarity.
Structure of mitochondrial ADP/ATP carrier in complex with carboxyatractyloside.
Fire science for rainforests.
Binary switches and modification cassettes in histone biology and beyond.
A genetic basis for Pseudomonas aeruginosa biofilm antibiotic resistance.
Nanoscale imaging and control of domain-wall hopping with a nitrogen-vacancy center microscope.
All-optical control of ferromagnetic thin films and nanostructures.
A latent neurogenic program in astrocytes regulated by Notch signaling in the mouse.
Loose coupling between Ca2+ channels and release sensors at a plastic hippocampal synapse.
The genetic prehistory of the New World Arctic.
The sheep genome illuminates biology of the rumen and lipid metabolism.
Main-Group Compounds Selectively Oxidize Mixtures of Methane, Ethane, and Propane to Alcohol Esters.
Neural mechanisms of object-based attention.
Defining an essential transcription factor program for naive pluripotency.
High-energy surface X-ray diffraction for fast surface structure determination.
Human cognitive aging: Corriger la fortune?.
To fence or not to fence.
Ubiquitylome analysis identifies dysregulation of effector substrates in SPOP-mutant prostate cancer.
Detection of a branched alkyl molecule in the interstellar medium: iso-propyl cyanide.
Development of the annelid axochord: insights into notochord evolution.
Imaging charge transfer in iodomethane upon x-ray photoabsorption.
Debate erupts on 'repurposed'drugs for Ebola.
Room-temperature coupling between electrical current and nuclear spins in OLEDs.
Interactions between RNA polymerase and the core recognition element counteract pausing.
Flies evade looming targets by executing rapid visually directed banked turns.
Winter forest soil respiration controlled by climate and microbial community composition.
Molecular architecture and assembly of the DDB1CUL4A ubiquitin ligase machinery.
An optical spectrum of the afterglow of a -ray burst at a redshift of z &equals; 6.295.
Nck adaptor proteins link nephrin to the actin cytoskeleton of kidney podocytes.
Fishing elevates variability in the abundance of exploited species.
A voltage-gated proton-selective channel lacking the pore domain.
Endothelial tubes assemble from intracellular vacuoles in vivo.
Flagellar motility is required for the viability of the bloodstream trypanosome.
Identification of a tumour suppressor network opposing nuclear Akt function.
Universal scaling of respiratory metabolism, size and nitrogen in plants.
One step forward, two steps back on US floodplains.
Dislocations in complex materials.
Identification of the sex pheromone of the German cockroach, Blattella germanica.
Policing insect societies.
Thermodynamics of an incommensurate quantum crystal.
EPIDEMIOLOGY: Enhanced: DNA Identifications After the 9/11 World Trade Center Attack.
A human-specific gene in microglia.
A new mediator for an old hormone?.
Embryos of an Early Jurassic prosauropod dinosaur and their evolutionary significance.
Microwave manipulation of an atomic electron in a classical orbit.
Identification of Vangl2 and Scrb1 as planar polarity genes in mammals.
Recent ice ages on Mars.
Low-loss hollow-core silica/air photonic bandgap fibre.
The complete folding pathway of a protein from nanoseconds to microseconds.
Catastrophic extinctions follow deforestation in Singapore.
Experimental realization of a one-atom laser in the regime of strong coupling.
Rhythmic histone acetylation underlies transcription in the mammalian circadian clock.
Crystal structure of the human angiotensin-converting enzymelisinopril complex.
Abundant gene conversion between arms of palindromes in human and ape Y chromosomes.
Explaining the excess of rare species in natural species abundance distributions.
Unicellular cyanobacteria fix N2 in the subtropical North Pacific Ocean.
High critical current density and enhanced irreversibility field in superconducting MgB2 thin films.
Initiation of a G2/M checkpoint after ultraviolet radiation requires p38 kinase.
Phot1 and phot2 mediate blue light regulation of stomatal opening.
Spatio-temporal images of growth-factor-induced activation of Ras and Rap1.
A cellular mechanism of reward-related learning.
Neuroadaptation: incubation of cocaine craving after withdrawal.
Magnetic-field-induced superconductivity in a two-dimensional organic conductor.
Antibodies inhibit prion propagation and clear cell cultures of prion infectivity.
Guard cell abscisic acid signalling and engineering drought hardiness in plants.
Identification of carbonate-rich outcrops on Mars by the Spirit rover.
Conditional cooperation and costly monitoring explain success in forest commons management.
Induction of fear extinction with hippocampal-infralimbic BDNF.
The genetic map of Artemisia annua L. identifies loci affecting yield of the antimalarial drug artemisinin.
The uncertainty principle determines the nonlocality of quantum mechanics.
Phosphorylation of H2A by Bub1 prevents chromosomal instability through localizing shugoshin.
miR-16 targets the serotonin transporter: a new facet for adaptive responses to antidepressants.
Dendritic discrimination of temporal input sequences in cortical neurons.
A cryptic sulfur cycle in oxygen-minimumzone waters off the Chilean coast.
A low-magnetic-field soft gamma repeater.
A dusty torus around the luminous young star LkH101.
Foci of orientation plasticity in visual cortex.
Sensitive development could protect Amazonia instead of destroying it.
Isotopic homogeneity of iron in the early solar nebula.
Ecological forecasts.
Intracellular signalling: receptor-specific messenger oscillations.
Water-maser emission from a planetary nebula with a magnetized torus.
Biophysics: water at the nanoscale.
Maternal control of resting-egg production in Daphnia.
Geochemical evidence for magmatic water within Mars from pyroxenes in the Shergotty meteorite.
Mitotic cell rounding accelerates epithelial invagination.
Taxonomy: species splitting puts conservation at risk.
Conserved regulatory elements in AMPK.
The structural mechanism of KCNH-channel regulation by the eag domain.
Brazilian citation scheme outed.
Non-Fermi-liquid d-wave metal phase of strongly interacting electrons.
Cancer: The to and fro of tumour spread.
Temperature triggers immune evasion by Neisseria meningitidis.
Metal-free oxidation of aromatic carbon-hydrogen bonds through a reverse-rebound mechanism.
Antidiabetic effects of glucokinase regulatory protein small-molecule disruptors.
Force-induced activation of covalent bonds in mechanoresponsive polymeric materials.
Untangling aerosol effects on clouds and precipitation in a buffered system.
Toxin B is essential for virulence of Clostridium difficile.
Observation of molecular orbital gating.
In vitro reconstitution of an abscisic acid signalling pathway.
Novel mutant-selective EGFR kinase inhibitors against EGFR T790M.
Role of the polycomb protein EED in the propagation of repressive histone marks.
Cancer: inflaming metastasis.
Adult mice generated from induced pluripotent stem cells.
Forcing cells to change lineages.
The prolyl isomerase Pin1 reveals a mechanism to control p53 functions after genotoxic insults.
Initiation and re-initiation of DNA unwinding by the Escherichia coli Rep helicase.
Type I phosphatidylinositol phosphate kinase targets and regulates focal adhesions.
Chromosomal clustering of muscle-expressed genes in Caenorhabditis elegans.
BoseEinstein condensation of atomic gases.
Allowed and forbidden transitions in artificial hydrogen and helium atoms.
RNA aptamers as reversible antagonists of coagulation factor IXa.
Polyandrous females avoid costs of inbreeding.
SATB1 targets chromatin remodelling to regulate genes over long distances.
A large-cavity zeolite with wide pore windows and potential as an oil refining catalyst.
Plasma cell differentiation requires the transcription factor XBP-1.
Soil fertility limits carbon sequestration by forest ecosystems in a CO2-enriched atmosphere.
Sensitive detection of pathological prion protein by cyclic amplification of protein misfolding.
LDL-receptor-related protein 6 is a receptor for Dickkopf proteins.
Climate change: increasing shrub abundance in the Arctic.
Electrical spin injection and accumulation at room temperature in an all-metal mesoscopic spin valve.
CONSTANS mediates between the circadian clock and the control of flowering in Arabidopsis.
Rae1 and H60 ligands of the NKG2D receptor stimulate tumour immunity.
Genome sequence and gene compaction of the eukaryote parasite Encephalitozoon cuniculi.
Stem cells in tissue engineering.
Superfluidity of grain boundaries and supersolid behavior.
Early domesticated fig in the Jordan Valley.
Functional CpG methylation system in a social insect.
Probing nanoscale ferroelectricity by ultraviolet Raman spectroscopy.
Teaching in wild meerkats.
Genomics and the irreducible nature of eukaryote cells.
A high-brightness source of narrowband, identical-photon pairs.
CDK2-dependent phosphorylation of FOXO1 as an apoptotic response to DNA damage.
Argonaute slicing is required for heterochromatic silencing and spreading.
Fluorous nanodroplets structurally confined in an organopalladium sphere.
Superluminal and slow light propagation in a room-temperature solid.
Transition metal speciation in the cell: insights from the chemistry of metal ion receptors.
Light microscopy techniques for live cell imaging.
Microstructural optimization of a zeolite membrane for organic vapor separation.
A perspective on enzyme catalysis.
Retrograde viral delivery of IGF-1 prolongs survival in a mouse ALS model.
Identification of a plant nitric oxide synthase gene involved in hormonal signaling.
Deformation twinning in nanocrystalline aluminum.
Major ecological transitions in wild sunflowers facilitated by hybridization.
Dense packing and symmetry in small clusters of microspheres.
Evolution and diversity of subduction zones controlled by slab width.
OGG1 initiates age-dependent CAG trinucleotide expansion in somatic cells.
PYY modulation of cortical and hypothalamic brain areas predicts feeding behaviour in humans.
Entanglement-free Heisenberg-limited phase estimation.
Hostparasite 'Red Queen'dynamics archived in pond sediment.
Professor's little helper.
An epigenetic activation role of Piwi and a Piwi-associated piRNA in Drosophila melanogaster.
First insights into the biodiversity and biogeography of the Southern Ocean deep sea.
Total synthesis of marine natural products without using protecting groups.
Regulation of IgA production by naturally occurring TNF/iNOS-producing dendritic cells.
Polar patterns of driven filaments.
GaAs photovoltaics and optoelectronics using releasable multilayer epitaxial assemblies.
Self versus non-self discrimination during CRISPR RNA-directed immunity.
A molecular molybdenum-oxo catalyst for generating hydrogen from water.
Spatial control of EGF receptor activation by reversible dimerization on living cells.
Notch and EGFR pathway interaction regulates neural stem cell number and self-renewal.
A genome-wide RNAi screen reveals determinants of human embryonic stem cell identity.
Calcium-dependent phospholipid scrambling by TMEM16F.
Skp2 targeting suppresses tumorigenesis by Arf-p53-independent cellular senescence.
Genetic dissection of an amygdala microcircuit that gates conditioned fear.
The protein LEM promotes CD8+ T cell immunity through effects on mitochondrial respiration.
Sorting out light.
Dawn probe to look for a habitable ocean on Ceres.
Materials that couple sensing, actuation, computation, and communication.
How to bolster the antifungal pipeline.
C9ORF72 repeat expansions in mice cause TDP-43 pathology, neuronal loss, and behavioral deficits.
Physicist. Defector. Spy?.
Multiplexed RNA imaging in single cells.
Get the science right when paying for nature's services.
[C] How Pez dispenses with metastasis.
Structural mechanism for STI-571 inhibition of abelson tyrosine kinase.
Causes of climate change over the past 1000 years.
Translating biomolecular recognition into nanomechanics.
Psychological and neural mechanisms of the affective dimension of pain.
Orbital physics in transition-metal oxides.
Target-oriented and diversity-oriented organic synthesis in drug discovery.
Coupling of stress in the ER to activation of JNK protein kinases by transmembrane protein kinase IRE1.
Arabidopsis transcription factors: genome-wide comparative analysis among eukaryotes.
Dysfunction in the neural circuitry of emotion regulation--a possible prelude to violence.
Role of brain insulin receptor in control of body weight and reproduction.
BoseEinstein condensation of excitons in bilayer electron systems.
Inactivation of hCDC4 can cause chromosomal instability.
Rb inactivation promotes genomic instability by uncoupling cell cycle progression from mitotic control.
Unusual phase transitions in ferroelectric nanodisks and nanorods.
Cortical rewiring and information storage.
Integration of quanta in cerebellar granule cells during sensory processing.
Energy-transfer pumping of semiconductor nanocrystals using an epitaxial quantum well.
SOS response promotes horizontal dissemination of antibiotic resistance genes.
Tissue engineering: creation of long-lasting blood vessels.
Induction of DNA methylation and gene silencing by short interfering RNAs in human cells.
Creating a protein-based element of inheritance.
Replaying the game: hypnagogic images in normals and amnesics.
Earthquake potential along the northern Hayward fault, California.
Secular variation of iron isotopes in North Atlantic deep water.
Millennial-scale instability of the Antarctic ice sheet during the last glaciation.
Life as we don't know it.
Biological control of invading species--risk and reform.
Evidence for the prion hypothesis: induction of the yeast [PSI+] factor by in vitro-converted Sup35 protein.
Role of the guanosine triphosphatase Rac2 in T helper 1 cell differentiation.
Role of Bacillus subtilis SpoIIIE in DNA transport across the mother cell-prespore division septum.
Enhanced modern heat transfer to the Arctic by warm Atlantic water.
More is less: signal processing and the data deluge.
Unclicking the click: mechanically facilitated 1, 3-dipolar cycloreversions.
Running with the Red Queen: host-parasite coevolution selects for biparental sex.
Direct observation of continuous electric dipole rotation in flux-closure domains in ferroelectric Pb (Zr, Ti) O3.
An interaction-based approach to enhancing secondary school instruction and student achievement.
Dynamics of Dpp signaling and proliferation control.
Perceived predation risk reduces the number of offspring songbirds produce per year.
LysM-type mycorrhizal receptor recruited for rhizobium symbiosis in nonlegume Parasponia.
Perceptual learning incepted by decoded fMRI neurofeedback without stimulus presentation.
Sequential processing of lexical, grammatical, and phonological information within Broca's area.
Genomic footprints of a cryptic plastid endosymbiosis in diatoms.
Realization of an excited, strongly correlated quantum gas phase.
Achieving /20 resolution by one-color initiation and deactivation of polymerization.
Smallest algae thrive as the Arctic Ocean freshens.
Quantitative 3D video microscopy of HIV transfer across T cell virological synapses.
Dyslexia: a new synergy between education and cognitive neuroscience.
Itinerant ferromagnetism in a Fermi gas of ultracold atoms.
Giant-stroke, superelastic carbon nanotube aerogel muscles.
Fixing a critical climate accounting error.
Nervous system targets of RNA editing identified by comparative genomics.
Dyskeratosis congenita and cancer in mice deficient in ribosomal RNA modification.
Chromosomal speciation and molecular divergence--accelerated evolution in rearranged chromosomes.
Contributions of anthropogenic and natural forcing to recent tropopause height changes.
Early origin and recent expansion of Plasmodium falciparum.
Regulation of chromatin remodeling by inositol polyphosphates.
Femtosecond phase-coherent two-dimensional spectroscopy.
Hybrid origin of SIV in chimpanzees.
The proteasome of Mycobacterium tuberculosis is required for resistance to nitric oxide.
Inhibition of hepatitis B virus replication by drug-induced depletion of nucleocapsids.
Extreme responses to climate change in Antarctic lakes.
Integrin connections map: to infinity and beyond.
Dietary restriction in long-lived dwarf flies.
Nucleotide control of interdomain interactions in the conformational reaction cycle of SecA.
Structure, function, and activator-induced conformations of the CRSP coactivator.
Inhibition of retroviral RNA production by ZAP, a CCCH-type zinc finger protein.
40Ar/39Ar dates from the West Siberian Basin: Siberian flood basalt province doubled.
A reversible solid-state crystalline transformation in a metal phosphide induced by redox chemistry.
B cell antigen receptor signaling: roles in cell development and disease.
Freshening of the Ross Sea during the late 20th century.
Defective DNA single-strand break repair in spinocerebellar ataxia with axonal neuropathy-1.
WNT7b mediates macrophage-induced programmed cell death in patterning of the vasculature.
Transcriptional regulation of a metastasis suppressor gene by Tip60 and -catenin complexes.
The earliest record of human activity in northern Europe.
Observation of a dewetting transition in the collapse of the melittin tetramer.
North Pacific seasonality and the glaciation of North America 2.7 million years ago.
Encoding social signals in the mouse main olfactory bulb.
Unconventional superconductivity in PuCoGa5.
Stability of the Larsen B ice shelf on the Antarctic Peninsula during the Holocene epoch.
Apolipoprotein-mediated pathways of lipid antigen presentation.
Possible in situ formation of meteoritic nanodiamonds in the early solar system.
A gene expression map of human chromosome 21 orthologues in the mouse.
Cnd2 has dual roles in mitotic condensation and interphase.
Reduction of cytochrome c oxidase by a second electron leads to proton translocation.
Quantum encounters of the cold kind.
Tyrannosaurus was not a fast runner.
Applied physics: Strong magnets by self-assembly.
Tungsten isotope evidence from 3.8-Gyr metamorphosed sediments for early meteorite bombardment of the Earth.
Mechanism of force generation by myosin heads in skeletal muscle.
Seismic evidence for catastrophic slab loss beneath Kamchatka.
WntD is a feedback inhibitor of Dorsal/NF-B in Drosophila development and immunity.
Dependence of Drosophila wing imaginal disc cytonemes on Decapentaplegic.
In and out of equilibrium.
In situ Os isotopes in abyssal peridotites bridge the isotopic gap between MORBs and their source mantle.
Image segmentation and lightness perception.
Fisheries: Decline of Pacific tuna populations exaggerated?.
The message of the quantum.
Filamentary structure on the Sun from the magnetic RayleighTaylor instability.
Specification of astrocytes by bHLH protein SCL in a restricted region of the neural tube.
Evolutionary biology: relativity for molecular clocks.
Disappearing arctic lakes.
Elucidation of the small RNA component of the transcriptome.
Team assembly mechanisms determine collaboration network structure and team performance.
Gas adsorption sites in a large-pore metal-organic framework.
Phenotypic diversity, population growth, and information in fluctuating environments.
Direct isolation of satellite cells for skeletal muscle regeneration.
Electron localization determines defect formation on ceria substrates.
Rupture process of the 2004 Sumatra-Andaman earthquake.
The promotional effect of gold in catalysis by palladium-gold.
Endogenous MHC class II processing of a viral nuclear antigen after autophagy.
Scientific uncertainty: When doubt is a sure thing.
Scaling effects in caudal fin propulsion and the speed of ichthyosaurs.
Regional network raises profile of local journals.
Integrated programme is key to malaria control.
Regulators split on gene therapy as patient shows signs of cancer.
Selective absorption processes as the origin of puzzling spectral line polarization from the Sun.
Chemical mimicry: male ants disguised by the queen's bouquet.
Microstructures: Spin-engineering magnetic media.
Palaeoclimatology (Communication arising): CO2 and the end-Triassic mass extinction.
Physics meets biology: Bridging the culture gap.
Dynamics of human adipose lipid turnover in health and metabolic disease.
Reliability of flipper-banded penguins as indicators of climate change.
The landscape of recombination in African Americans.
Transient dynamics of an altered large marine ecosystem.
A salt-water reservoir as the source of a compositionally stratified plume on Enceladus.
Oxysterols direct immune cell migration via EBI2.
Probing cellular protein complexes using single-molecule pull-down.
Carbon loss from an unprecedented Arctic tundra wildfire.
Mixed aromatic-aliphatic organic nanoparticles as carriers of unidentified infrared emission features.
A massive protocluster of galaxies at a redshift of z [thinsp][ap][thinsp] 5.3.
Three-dimensional, flexible nanoscale field-effect transistors as localized bioprobes.
Reactivity of the gold/water interface during selective oxidation catalysis.
The genome of the Western clawed frog Xenopus tropicalis.
Universal dynamical decoupling of a single solid-state spin from a spin bath.
Essential role of the histone methyltransferase G9a in cocaine-induced plasticity.
Energy-conversion properties of vapor-liquid-solidgrown silicon wire-array photocathodes.
Ligand-enabled reactivity and selectivity in a synthetically versatile aryl CH olefination.
Inhibition of NF-B signaling by A20 through disruption of ubiquitin enzyme complexes.
Stability of the regulatory T cell lineage in vivo.
Drive against hotspot motifs in primates implicates the PRDM9 gene in meiotic recombination.
Functional auditory hair cells produced in the mammalian cochlea by in utero gene transfer.
Energy source of flagellar type III secretion.
The adaptive significance of temperature-dependent sex determination in a reptile.
Intrinsic and extrinsic control of haematopoietic stem-cell self-renewal.
Analysis of a spatial orientation memory in Drosophila.
Enantiodivergent conversion of chiral secondary alcohols into tertiary alcohols.
Neurogenin 2 controls cortical neuron migration through regulation of Rnd2.
Mei-P26 regulates microRNAs and cell growth in the Drosophila ovarian stem cell lineage.
A low-frequency radio halo associated with a cluster of galaxies.
A blend of small molecules regulates both mating and development in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Audience drives male songbird response to partner's voice.
Spectroscopy of spontaneous spin noise as a probe of spin dynamics and magnetic resonance.
An explanation for a universality of transition temperatures in families of copper oxide superconductors.
Human longevity: the grandmother effect.
Defects in RGS9 or its anchor protein R9AP in patients with slow photoreceptor deactivation.
Ultra-remote stereocontrol by conformational communication of information along a carbon chain.
Human behaviour: don't lose your reputation.
Physical performance and Darwinian fitness in lizards.
Hybridization of electronic states in quantum dots through photon emission.
Structure of the bacterial flagellar hook and implication for the molecular universal joint mechanism.
Radar sounding of the Medusae Fossae Formation Mars: Equatorial ice or dry, low-density deposits?.
The structural basis of ribozyme-catalyzed RNA assembly.
Tuning the quantum stability and superconductivity of ultrathin metal alloys.
Flow of mantle fluids through the ductile lower crust: Helium isotope trends.
Odor-mediated push-pull pollination in cycads.
The orientation of the local interstellar magnetic field.
Nonstoichiometric dislocation cores in -alumina.
Temporal fragmentation of speciation in bacteria.
Halwaxiids and the early evolution of the lophotrochozoans.
Binding of the human Prp31 Nop domain to a composite RNA-protein platform in U4 snRNP.
Ecosystems: reef corals bleach to survive change.
Coherent branched flow in a two-dimensional electron gas.
A titanosilicate molecular sieve with adjustable pores for size-selective adsorption of molecules.
Asymmetric Broca's area in great apes.
Haematopoietic cell transplantation as immunotherapy.
GTPase activity of dynamin and resulting conformation change are essential for endocytosis.
Mitochondrial endonuclease G is important for apoptosis in C. elegans.
Structure of the bacterial flagellar protofilament and implications for a switch for supercoiling.
Role of thrombin signalling in platelets in haemostasis and thrombosis.
Our genome unveiled.
Detecting influenza epidemics using search engine query data.
Genetic variation in IL28B and spontaneous clearance of hepatitis C virus.
Direct observation of a widely tunable bandgap in bilayer graphene.
Chromatin signature reveals over a thousand highly conserved large non-coding RNAs in mammals.
Rapamycin fed late in life extends lifespan in genetically heterogeneous mice.
White organic light-emitting diodes with fluorescent tube efficiency.
The DNA-damage response in human biology and disease.
Narrow graphene nanoribbons from carbon nanotubes.
Origins and evolutionary genomics of the 2009 swine-origin H1N1 influenza A epidemic.
piggyBac transposition reprograms fibroblasts to induced pluripotent stem cells.
Dangerous assumptions.
Co-option of a default secretory pathway for plant immune responses.
Regulation of ERBB2 by oestrogen receptorPAX2 determines response to tamoxifen.
Extensive halogen-mediated ozone destruction over the tropical Atlantic Ocean.
A chemical approach to stem-cell biology and regenerative medicine.
S-Nitrosylation of histone deacetylase 2 induces chromatin remodelling in neurons.
Dscam and Sidekick proteins direct lamina-specific synaptic connections in vertebrate retina.
Linking climate change to lemming cycles.
Structural basis for translation termination on the 70S ribosome.
Sequencing the nuclear genome of the extinct woolly mammoth.
Temperature sex reversal implies sex gene dosage in a reptile.
Dicamba resistance: enlarging and preserving biotechnology-based weed management strategies.
ECOLOGY: Rangeland Ecology in a Changing World.
Chondrite barium, neodymium, and samarium isotopic heterogeneity and early earth differentiation.
Promising AIDS vaccine's failure leaves field reeling.
Are there Alfvn waves in the solar atmosphere?.
The Calyptogena magnifica chemoautotrophic symbiont genome.
Plastic deformation recovery in freestanding nanocrystalline aluminum and gold thin films.
Imaging of arsenic Cottrell atmospheres around silicon defects by three-dimensional atom probe tomography.
Influence maximization in complex networks through optimal percolation.
Cell death during crisis is mediated by mitotic telomere deprotection.
 .
The disruption of multiplanet systems through resonance with a binary orbit.
Astronomy: A Mars-sized exoplanet.
Square ice in graphene nanocapillaries.
Orientation columns in the mouse superior colliculus.
Tempus omnia revelat.
IAPP-driven metabolic reprogramming induces regression of p53-deficient tumours in vivo.
The mean free path for electron conduction in metallic fullerenes.
Rapid diffusive infiltration of sodium into partially molten peridotite.
Laser physics: Attosecond pulses at last.
Structural biology: proteomics for the pore.
Mutation and sex in a competitive world.
Science's neglected legacy.
ATP-dependent proteases: Docking of components in a bacterial complex.
Cancer: a radical approach to treatment.
Reproductive biology: A provirus put to work.
Quantum cloning: Schrdinger's sheep.
Platinum-based nanocages with subnanometer-thick walls and well-defined, controllable facets.
Science, Religion, and 'The Will to Believe.'.
Developing Integrated Mobile Applications to Provide Culturally Responsive Support for Minnesota African Diaspora and West African Families Impacted by  .
Semeval-2015 task 17: Taxonomy extraction evaluation (texeval).
How a virus travels the world.
Microcantilever based Biosensor for Disease Detection Applications.
Arabidopsis NPL1: a phototropin homolog controlling the chloroplast high-light avoidance response.
Vital involvement of a natural killer cell activation receptor in resistance to viral infection.
Polarization mode control of two-dimensional photonic crystal laser by unit cell structure design.
Constraint to adaptive evolution in response to global warming.
A Bose-Einstein condensate of metastable atoms.
Dissecting human disease in the postgenomic era.
Glycoprotein structure determination by mass spectrometry.
Control of stem cell self-renewal in Drosophila spermatogenesis by JAK-STAT signaling.
A 2 adrenergic receptor signaling complex assembled with the Ca2+ channel Cav1. 2.
Feynman's path-integral approach for intense-laser-atom interactions.
[DOC][DOC] News Focus Global Warming Is Changing the World.
Oxygen and evolution.
Ethylene modulates stem cell division in the Arabidopsis thaliana root.
Single photon-induced symmetry breaking of H2 dissociation.
Structure of Gq-p63RhoGEF-RhoA complex reveals a pathway for the activation of RhoA by GPCRs.
Spin transition zone in Earth's lower mantle.
piRNAs in the germ line.
A conserved family of enzymes that phosphorylate inositol hexakisphosphate.
Symmetrized characterization of noisy quantum processes.
Comment on" Tumor growth need not be driven by rare cancer stem cells".
Subdiffraction multicolor imaging of the nuclear periphery with 3D structured illumination microscopy.
Nutritional control of reproductive status in honeybees via DNA methylation.
Silica-on-silicon waveguide quantum circuits.
Optical negative refraction in bulk metamaterials of nanowires.
Sr lattice clock at 1 1016 fractional uncertainty by remote optical evaluation with a Ca clock.
The Air noncoding RNA epigenetically silences transcription by targeting G9a to chromatin.
Promoting axon regeneration in the adult CNS by modulation of the PTEN/mTOR pathway.
White fat progenitor cells reside in the adipose vasculature.
Assembling materials with DNA as the guide.
Flagellum mediates symbiosis.
McsB is a protein arginine kinase that phosphorylates and inhibits the heat-shock regulator CtsR.
Size and shape of Saturn's moon Titan.
Edge-state physics without magnetic fields.
Genotype analysis identifies the cause of the royal disease.
Crystal structure of the catalytic core of an RNA-polymerase ribozyme.
An entanglement filter.
Evolution of the turtle body plan by the folding and creation of new muscle connections.
Activation of Rho GTPases by DOCK exchange factors is mediated by a nucleotide sensor.
MESSENGER observations of Mercury's exosphere: Detection of magnesium and distribution of constituents.
X-ray diffraction study of the ultrathin Al2O3 layer on NiAl (110).
Pierolapithecus catalaunicus, a new Middle Miocene great ape from Spain.
Solar wind-induced atmospheric erosion at Mars: First results from ASPERA-3 on Mars Express.
Thinning and flow of Tibetan crust constrained by seismic anisotropy.
Capuchin stone tool use in Caatinga dry forest.
Nanos maintains germline stem cell self-renewal by preventing differentiation.
KIF1A alternately uses two loops to bind microtubules.
Species interactions and the evolution of sex.
Inferences on flow at the base of Earth's mantle based on seismic anisotropy.
Cellular interactions in the stem cell niche.
Phenotypic robustness conferred by apparently redundant transcriptional enhancers.
Gamma-secretase activating protein is a therapeutic target for Alzheimer/'s disease.
Isolation of the elusive supercomplex that drives cyclic electron flow in photosynthesis.
Super-resolution biomolecular crystallography with low-resolution data.
From maps to mechanisms through neuroimaging of schizophrenia.
Chromatin regulation by Brg1 underlies heart muscle development and disease.
The orbital motion, absolute mass and high-altitude winds of exoplanet HD [thinsp] 209458b.
Curvature in metabolic scaling.
Cross-species genomics matches driver mutations and cell compartments to model ependymoma.
Pronuclear transfer in human embryos to prevent transmission of mitochondrial DNA disease.
Cleaning the air and improving health with hydrogen fuel-cell vehicles.
Requirement for caspase-8 in NF-B activation by antigen receptor.
Experimental verification of designer surface plasmons.
Selection on heritable phenotypic plasticity in a wild bird population.
Experience-driven plasticity of visual cortex limited by myelin and Nogo receptor.
Residential biofuels in South Asia: carbonaceous aerosol emissions and climate impacts.
Encapsulation of molecular hydrogen in fullerene C60 by organic synthesis.
Do satellites detect trends in surface solar radiation?.
Genetic engineering of terpenoid metabolism attracts bodyguards to Arabidopsis.
Insect-resistant GM rice in farmers' fields: assessing productivity and health effects in China.
Changing governance of the world's forests.
Current-controlled magnetic domain-wall nanowire shift register.
Evolution of block copolymer lithography to highly ordered square arrays.
Very-high-energy gamma rays from a distant quasar: How transparent is the universe?.
Oncogenic CARD11 mutations in human diffuse large B cell lymphoma.
An epigenetic role for maternally inherited piRNAs in transposon silencing.
RNA exosome depletion reveals transcription upstream of active human promoters.
Riboswitches in eubacteria sense the second messenger cyclic di-GMP.
Tuned responses of astrocytes and their influence on hemodynamic signals in the visual cortex.
Astroglial metabolic networks sustain hippocampal synaptic transmission.
Quasi-phase-matched generation of coherent extreme-ultraviolet light.
Structure and catalytic mechanism of the human histone methyltransferase SET7/9.
A photovoltaic device structure based on internal electron emission.
A -ray burst with a high-energy spectral component inconsistent with the synchrotron shock model.
A TRPV family ion channel required for hearing in Drosophila.
Direct activation of RNA polymerase III transcription by c-Myc.
A progeroid syndrome in mice is caused by defects in A-type lamins.
Apolipoprotein LI is the trypanosome lytic factor of human serum.
Asymmetric pores in a silicon membrane acting as massively parallel brownian ratchets.
A coherent three-dimensional Fermi surface in a high-transition-temperature superconductor.
Phonon counting and intensity interferometry of a nanomechanical resonator.
Live imaging RNAi screen reveals genes essential for meiosis in mammalian oocytes.
Neutron facility: European Spallation Source is on track.
[C] Regenerative biology: Neuregulin 1 makes heart muscle.
Evolution: Finches sequenced.
Plant genetics: Czech centre marks Mendel anniversary.
Increases in tropical rainfall driven by changes in frequency of organized deep convection.
Spatiotemporal control of a novel synaptic organizer molecule.
Dosage delivery of sensitive reagents enables glove-box-free synthesis.
Fibulin-5 is an elastin-binding protein essential for elastic fibre development in vivo.
Nanotechnology: Carbon nanothermometer containing gallium.
Role of experience and oscillations in transforming a rate code into a temporal code.
Bandgap modulation of carbon nanotubes by encapsulated metallofullerenes.
The Rad50 zinc-hook is a structure joining Mre11 complexes in DNA recombination and repair.
Ultrafast precessional magnetization reversal by picosecond magnetic field pulse shaping.
Visual categorization shapes feature selectivity in the primate temporal cortex.
Gene silencing: trans-histone regulatory pathway in chromatin.
Regulation of AMPA receptor lateral movements.
Structural basis of BMP signalling inhibition by the cystine knot protein Noggin.
Coherent control of the waveforms of recoilless [ggr]-ray photons.
Sulphide oxidation and carbonate dissolution as a source of CO2 over geological timescales.
Ultraviolet radiation accelerates BRAF-driven melanomagenesis by targeting TP53.
BRCA2 prevents R-loop accumulation and associates with TREX-2 mRNA export factor PCID2.
Doublesex is a mimicry supergene.
Tracking photon jumps with repeated quantum non-demolition parity measurements.
Business culture and dishonesty in the banking industry.
Nicotinamide N-methyltransferase knockdown protects against diet-induced obesity.
Structure of influenza A polymerase bound to the viral RNA promoter.
Formic-acid-induced depolymerization of oxidized lignin to aromatics.
[C] Human microbiome: take-home lesson on growth promoters?.
An allylic ketyl radical intermediate in clostridial amino-acid fermentation.
Apoptosis: Stabbed in the BAX.
Very fast optical flaring from a possible new Galactic magnetar.
The billion-dollar malaria moment.
Science & music: talk of the tone.
The innovative brain.
Nitrogen saturation and net ecosystem production.
Alzheimer's disease: Moving towards a vaccine.
Superconductivity: Prospecting for an iron age.
A very energetic supernova associated with the -ray burst of 29 March 2003.
Transplanted bone marrow regenerates liver by cell fusion.
Molecular identification of a danger signal that alerts the immune system to dying cells.
Hedgehog is an early and late mediator of pancreatic cancer tumorigenesis.
Broad antiretroviral defence by human APOBEC3G through lethal editing of nascent reverse transcripts.
Discretizing light behaviour in linear and nonlinear waveguide lattices.
Angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 is a functional receptor for the SARS coronavirus.
The genome sequence of the filamentous fungus Neurospora crassa.
Recurrent de novo point mutations in lamin A cause HutchinsonGilford progeria syndrome.
Super-tough carbon-nanotube fibres.
The role of crustal quartz in controlling Cordilleran deformation.
Structure of full-length Drosophila cryptochrome.
Cancer: Macrophages limit chemotherapy.
Environmental effects of information and communications technologies.
Laser cooling and real-time measurement of the nuclear spin environment of a solid-state qubit.
Epigenetics: Unravelling the cancer code.
Fossil jawless fish from China foreshadows early jawed vertebrate anatomy.
Fuel options: the ideal biofuel.
Environmental science: good governance for geoengineering.
More time for research: fund people not projects.
Metasomatic origin of quartz-pyroxene rock, Akilia, Greenland, and implications for Earth's earliest life.
Microbial behavior in a heterogeneous world.
Science, sustainability, and the human prospect.
Strongly correlated superconductivity.
Binary asteroids in the near-Earth object population.
Spatial and temporal offsets between proxy records in a sediment drift.
Systems analysis of Ran transport.
Spatiotemporal pattern of neural processing in the human auditory cortex.
Antarctic krill under sea ice: elevated abundance in a narrow band just south of ice edge.
Living with lethal PIP3 levels: viability of flies lacking PTEN restored by a PH domain mutation in Akt/PKB.
Daughter bubble cascades produced by folding of ruptured thin films.
Entanglement of spin waves among four quantum memories.
Coupled chaperone action in folding and assembly of hexadecameric Rubisco.
A widespread family of polymorphic contact-dependent toxin delivery systems in bacteria.
Geometry-induced electrostatic trapping of nanometric objects in a fluid.
Time to automate identification.
Activation of autophagy during cell death requires the engulfment receptor Draper.
Sequence space and the ongoing expansion of the protein universe.
Q&A: Animal behaviour: Magnetic-field perception.
Phosphorylation of MLL by ATR is required for execution of mammalian S-phase checkpoint.
Genetic variants regulating ORMDL3 expression contribute to the risk of childhood asthma.
Label-free immunodetection with CMOS-compatible semiconducting nanowires.
JAZ repressor proteins are targets of the SCFCOI1 complex during jasmonate signalling.
Plasmacytoid dendritic cells sense self-DNA coupled with antimicrobial peptide.
Derivation of pluripotent epiblast stem cells from mammalian embryos.
Multimodal fast optical interrogation of neural circuitry.
The JAZ family of repressors is the missing link in jasmonate signalling.
Dll4 signalling through Notch1 regulates formation of tip cells during angiogenesis.
Nanog safeguards pluripotency and mediates germline development.
A 160-kilobit molecular electronic memory patterned at 1011 bits per square centimetre.
Adaptive liquid microlenses activated by stimuli-responsive hydrogels.
Card9 controls a non-TLR signalling pathway for innate anti-fungal immunity.
Metallic transport in polyaniline.
A microbial consortium couples anaerobic methane oxidation to denitrification.
The Mg-chelatase H subunit is an abscisic acid receptor.
Gamma-band synchronization in visual cortex predicts speed of change detection.
Stem cells, ageing and the quest for immortality.
A century-old debate on protein aggregation and neurodegeneration enters the clinic.
Role of Bax and Bak in mitochondrial morphogenesis.
Genetic evidence for complex speciation of humans and chimpanzees.
Chemistry beyond the molecule.
Invariant scaling relations across tree-dominated communities.
Trans-complex formation by proteolipid channels in the terminal phase of membrane fusion.
Diabetes mellitus and genetically programmed defects in -cell function.
Superconductivity in the non-oxide perovskite MgCNi3.
Cortical remodelling induced by activity of ventral tegmental dopamine neurons.
A defined range of guard cell calcium oscillation parameters encodes stomatal movements.
Divergent sexual selection enhances reproductive isolation in sticklebacks.
Increased damage from fires in logged forests during droughts caused by El Nino.
Energy spectra of quantum rings.
Early history of Earth's crustmantle system inferred from hafnium isotopes in chondrites.
Early optical emission from the -ray burst of 4 October 2002.
The molecular nature of the zebrafish tail organizer.
The mosaic that is our genome.
Extreme reversed sexual size dimorphism in the extinct New Zealand moa Dinornis.
Core formation in planetesimals triggered by permeable flow.
Caenorhabditis elegans early embryogenesis and vulval morphogenesis require chondroitin biosynthesis.
Cancer robustness: tumour tactics.
Experimental detection of -particles from the radioactive decay of natural bismuth.
Mapping multiple features in the population response of visual cortex.
Molecular physiology: Globins in the brain.
The earliest known sauropod dinosaur.
Biogeochemistry: microbial essentials at hydrothermal vents.
An intrinsic but cell-nonautonomous defect in GATA-1-overexpressing mouse erythroid cells.
Microseismological evidence for a changing wave climate in the northeast Atlantic Ocean.
Manipulation of atoms across a surface at room temperature.
Evidence from Sardinian basalt geochemistry for recycling of plume heads into the Earth's mantle.
Linguistics: Taiwan's gift to the world.
Origins of sulphate in Antarctic dry-valley soils as deduced from anomalous 17O compositions.
Ancient DNA: Neanderthal population genetics.
Doubling the estimate of invertebrate biomass in a rainforest canopy.
Condensed-matter physics: Charge-ordering in oxides.
Partitioning of oxygen during core formation on the Earth and Mars.
The sequence and analysis of duplication-rich human chromosome 16.
Mesozoic origin for West Indian insectivores.
Membrane structure and interactions with protein and DNA in bacteriophage PRD1.
A characteristic size of 10 Mpc for the ionized bubbles at the end of cosmic reionization.
Evolutionary change from induced to constitutive expression of an indirect plant resistance.
Natural examples of olivine lattice preferred orientation patterns with a flow-normal a-axis maximum.
Pilus chaperones represent a new type of protein-folding catalyst.
Large Mesozoic mammals fed on young dinosaurs.
Seismology: energy radiation from the Sumatra earthquake.
Repeated injections of energy in the first 600 ms of the giant flare of SGR 180620.
Significant decadal-scale impact of volcanic eruptions on sea level and ocean heat content.
Abnormal display of PfEMP-1 on erythrocytes carrying haemoglobin C may protect against malaria.
Lead isotopes reveal bilateral asymmetry and vertical continuity in the Hawaiian mantle plume.
Topological versus chemical ordering in network glasses at intermediate and extended length scales.
Efficacy of the post-perovskite phase as an explanation for lowermost-mantle seismic properties.
Extreme winds and waves in the aftermath of a Neoproterozoic glaciation.
Field parameterization and experimental test of the neutral theory of biodiversity.
Knives, accomplices, and RNA.
Arrival of the fermion superfluid.
Making sense of the sensory lineage.
The astonishing micropygmies.
Contaminated evidence.
Emerging role for ERK as a key regulator of neuronal apoptosis.
Mechanistic analysis of a dynamin effector.
Intuition and deliberation: two systems for strategizing in the brain.
Positive selection of tyrosine loss in metazoan evolution.
Synergic sedation of sensitive anions: Alkali-mediated zincation of cyclic ethers and ethene.
A sulfilimine bond identified in collagen IV.
Two chemoreceptors mediate developmental effects of dauer pheromone in C. elegans.
MafB/c-Maf deficiency enables self-renewal of differentiated functional macrophages.
Elevated CO2 reduces losses of plant diversity caused by nitrogen deposition.
Comment on colossal ionic conductivity at interfaces of epitaxial ZrO2: Y2O3/SrTiO3 heterostructures.
Prosperity's plague.
Membrane vesicles traffic signals and facilitate group activities in a prokaryote.
Extent, duration and speed of the 2004 SumatraAndaman earthquake imaged by the Hi-Net array.
The heating of gas in a galaxy cluster by X-ray cavities and large-scale shock fronts.
A light-sensing knot revealed by the structure of the chromophore-binding domain of phytochrome.
Chromatin remodelling at a DNA double-strand break site in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
The bipolar mitotic kinesin Eg5 moves on both microtubules that it crosslinks.
Structural basis for the regulation of tubulin by vinblastine.
Structure of the zinc-binding domain of an essential component of the hepatitis C virus replicase.
Expanded T cells from pancreatic lymph nodes of type 1 diabetic subjects recognize an insulin epitope.
Crystal structure of a membrane-bound metalloenzyme that catalyses the biological oxidation of methane.
Oscillating roots.
Recasting Metal Alloy Phases with Block Copolymers.
Overbuilding research capacity.
Epitaxial growth writ large.
Policy-making needs science.
Fairness in modern society.
Bridging science and society.
Interleukin-1 (IL-1) pathway.
Enforcing the Greatwall in mitosis.
Feasting on minerals.
A list of published papers is no measure of value.
Applied physics: Spin spotting.
Herpetology: Snake circumvents constraints on prey size.
Sports statistics: Trends and random fluctuations in athletics.
Epigenetic reprogramming: back to the beginning.
Semiconductor technology: Imprints offer moore.
Physiology: two ACEs and a heart.
Cdc6 synthesis regulates replication competence in Xenopus oocytes.
Pregnancy imprints regulatory memory that sustains anergy to fetal antigen.
Crowding induces live cell extrusion to maintain homeostatic cell numbers in epithelia.
Cardiac angiogenic imbalance leads to peripartum cardiomyopathy.
Analysis of Plasmodium falciparum diversity in natural infections by deep sequencing.
Chromatin organization is a major influence on regional mutation rates in human cancer cells.
TNF receptor 1 genetic risk mirrors outcome of anti-TNF therapy in multiple sclerosis.
Magnetic tornadoes as energy channels into the solar corona.
Prion-like behaviour and tau-dependent cytotoxicity of pyroglutamylated amyloid-[bgr].
The entorhinal grid map is discretized.
A novel ChREBP isoform in adipose tissue regulates systemic glucose metabolism.
Did warfare among ancestral hunter-gatherers affect the evolution of human social behaviors?.
Explosive percolation in random networks.
Formation of ArF from LPdAr (F): Catalytic conversion of aryl triflates to aryl fluorides.
Quantum walk in position space with single optically trapped atoms.
Quantum teleportation between distant matter qubits.
Extremely efficient multiple electron-hole pair generation in carbon nanotube photodiodes.
Memory metamaterials.
Amyloid- dynamics are regulated by orexin and the sleep-wake cycle.
Extensive demethylation of repetitive elements during seed development underlies gene imprinting.
MicroRNA-206 delays ALS progression and promotes regeneration of neuromuscular synapses in mice.
Direct observation of hole transfer through DNA by hopping between adenine bases and by tunnelling.
Loss of p16Ink4a with retention of p19Arf predisposes mice to tumorigenesis.
Synaptotagmin I functions as a calcium regulator of release probability.
ICOS co-stimulatory receptor is essential for T-cell activation and function.
Resolution of distinct rotational substeps by submillisecond kinetic analysis of F1-ATPase.
Antibacterial agents based on the cyclic D, L--peptide architecture.
Selective assembly on a surface of supramolecular aggregates with controlled size and shape.
Relationship between structural order and the anomalies of liquid water.
Tbx1 haploinsufficiency in the DiGeorge syndrome region causes aortic arch defects in mice.
Formation of ordered ice nanotubes inside carbon nanotubes.
Sex bias in trials and treatment must end.
Non-muscle myosin IIA is a functional entry receptor for herpes simplex virus-1.
Structure of a cation-bound multidrug and toxic compound extrusion transporter.
Identification of UBIAD1 as a novel human menaquinone-4 biosynthetic enzyme.
Amygdalar and hippocampal substrates of anxious temperament differ in their heritability.
A formal test of the theory of universal common ancestry.
A hot compact dust disk around a massive young stellar object.
Crystal structures of the CusA efflux pump suggest methionine-mediated metal transport.
Large colonial organisms with coordinated growth in oxygenated environments 2.1 [thinsp] Gyr ago.
Mechanism of substrate recognition and transport by an amino acid antiporter.
Stage-specific transcription of distinct repertoires of a multigene family during Plasmodium life cycle.
The strange case of chimeraplasty.
A possible Lower Cambrian chaetognath (arrow worm).
Evidence for the effect of learning on timing of reproduction in blue tits.
Tending tender tendons.
On emerging coherence.
Genomic priorities in aging.
Tools for the biomolecular engineer.
Taking the bite out of potato blight.
Responding to the challenge of communicable disease in Europe.
Lipid landscapes and pipelines in membrane homeostasis.
The E3 ligase Cbl-b and TAM receptors regulate cancer metastasis via natural killer cells.
Genome sequence of a 45,000-year-old modern human from western Siberia.
Circuit dynamics of adaptive and maladaptive behaviour.
Antiviral immunity via RIG-I-mediated recognition of RNA bearing 5 [prime]-diphosphates.
C/EBP [agr] poises B cells for rapid reprogramming into induced pluripotent stem cells.
Tunable symmetry breaking and helical edge transport in a graphene quantum spin Hall state.
A global cloud map of the nearest known brown dwarf.
Signal amplification and transduction in phytochrome photosensors.
Anthropogenic electromagnetic noise disrupts magnetic compass orientation in a migratory bird.
Construction and analysis of a human-chimpanzee comparative clone map.
Structural basis for the transition from initiation to elongation transcription in T7 RNA polymerase.
Abrupt decrease in tropical Pacific sea surface salinity at end of Little Ice Age.
Experimental quantum cloning of single photons.
Detection and monitoring of ongoing aseismic slip in the Tokai region, central Japan.
Evolution of the gene network underlying wing polyphenism in ants.
Reversion of B cell commitment upon loss of Pax5 expression.
Theory of quantum annealing of an Ising spin glass.
The North Atlantic spring phytoplankton bloom and Sverdrup's critical depth hypothesis.
Evidence for strengthening of the tropical general circulation in the 1990s.
Asymmetric apportioning of aged mitochondria between daughter cells is required for stemness.
Overcoming Kerr-induced capacity limit in optical fiber transmission.
Direct kinetic measurement of the reaction of the simplest Criegee intermediate with water vapor.
A small-molecule inhibitor of the aberrant transcription factor CBF-SMMHC delays leukemia in mice.
Response to Comment on Whole-genome analyses resolve early branches in the tree of life of modern birds.
Time-restricted feeding attenuates age-related cardiac decline in Drosophila.
Mechanisms of antiwear tribofilm growth revealed in situ by single-asperity sliding contacts.
Hierarchically buckled sheath-core fibers for superelastic electronics, sensors, and muscles.
Structured photons take it slow.
What controls clumped isotopes?.
Cancer: inflammation by remote control.
Musical imagery: sound of silence activates auditory cortex.
The histone H3. 3 chaperone HIRA is essential for chromatin assembly in the male pronucleus.
The transcription factor Engrailed-2 guides retinal axons.
Unconventional critical behaviour in a quasi-two-dimensional organic conductor.
The obscuration by dust of most of the growth of supermassive black holes.
Direct observation of electron dynamics in the attosecond domain.
The second inheritance system of chimpanzees and humans.
Amyloid-like fibrils of ribonuclease A with three-dimensional domain-swapped and native-like structure.
Three-dimensional deformation caused by the Bam, Iran, earthquake and the origin of shallow slip deficit.
Cope's rule in the evolution of marine animals.
An Ebola whole-virus vaccine is protective in nonhuman primates.
Linked canopy, climate, and faunal change in the Cenozoic of Patagonia.
Rethink the Nicaragua canal.
Taking a snapshot of active brain circuitry.
Identification of the algal dimethyl sulfidereleasing enzyme: A missing link in the marine sulfur cycle.
A tunable library of substituted thiourea precursors to metal sulfide nanocrystals.
Inflammation-induced disruption of SCS macrophages impairs B cell responses to secondary infection.
Systemically treating spinal cord injury.
Complete photo-fragmentation of the deuterium molecule.
Genetic changes associated with floral adaptation restrict future evolutionary potential.
Antero-posterior tissue polarity links mesoderm convergent extension to axial patterning.
Earthquake nucleation by transient deformations caused by the M &equals; 7.9 Denali, Alaska, earthquake.
Olfaction: scent-triggered navigation in honeybees.
Mismatch repair genes identified using genetic screens in Blm-deficient embryonic stem cells.
First cleavage plane of the mouse egg is not predetermined but defined by the topology of the two apposing pronuclei.
DNA sequence and analysis of human chromosome 9.
The impact of surface-adsorbed phosphorus on phytoplankton Redfield stoichiometry.
The myosin motor in muscle generates a smaller and slower working stroke at higher load.
Structural basis of family-wide Rab GTPase recognition by rabenosyn-5.
Ecology: a niche for cyanobacteria containing chlorophyll d.
Molecular insights into human brain evolution.
Evolutionary diversification of TTX-resistant sodium channels in a predatorprey interaction.
Meniscus-climbing insects.
The Rae1Nup98 complex prevents aneuploidy by inhibiting securin degradation.
Dynamical phenomena: Walking and orbiting droplets.
The conserved protein DCN-1/Dcn1p is required for cullin neddylation in C. elegans and S. cerevisiae.
The first cleavage of the mouse zygote predicts the blastocyst axis.
Evidence for de novo imprinted X-chromosome inactivation independent of meiotic inactivation in mice.
Fertility treatments: Seeds of doubt.
Gene regulation: RNA to the rescue?.
Palaeoclimatology: cooling a continent.
Crystal structure of a transcription factor IIIB core interface ternary complex.
Negative results: Null and void.
Observation of surface and bulk phase transitions in nematic liquid crystals.
Secrecy is increasing in step with competition.
An extragalactic supernebula confined by gravity.
Ecology: Tail of death and resurrection.
Hydrogen cars fuel debate on basic research.
Acoustics: the vocal tract and the sound of a didgeridoo.
Sexually transmitted diseases: epidemic cycling and immunity.
Solid-state physics: Doping the undopable.
Environmental science: The carbon cycle under stress.
Sporting contests: Seeing red? Putting sportswear in context (reply).
Seismic resurfacing by a single impact on the asteroid 433 Eros.
Educational research: big plans for little brains.
Fetal-cell therapy: Paper chase.
Protein purification: pure but not simple.
Geochronology: Age of Mexican ash with alleged 'footprints'.
Switching off hydrogen peroxide hydrogenation in the direct synthesis process.
Competition for light causes plant biodiversity loss after eutrophication.
A vital role for interleukin-21 in the control of a chronic viral infection.
LXR regulates cholesterol uptake through Idol-dependent ubiquitination of the LDL receptor.
Synthetic gene networks that count.
Sending signals dynamically.
Chronic stress causes frontostriatal reorganization and affects decision-making.
Proteome organization in a genome-reduced bacterium.
Priming in systemic plant immunity.
Mitochondrial STAT3 supports Ras-dependent oncogenic transformation.
Actinide topological insulator materials with strong interaction.
In monkeys making value-based decisions, LIP neurons encode cue salience and not action value.
Preserving Montreal Protocol climate benefits by limiting HFCs.
Polymerase exchange during Okazaki fragment synthesis observed in living cells.
Kinetic responses of -catenin specify the sites of Wnt control.
Adenylate cyclases of Trypanosoma brucei inhibit the innate immune response of the host.
A steroid receptormicroRNA switch regulates life span in response to signals from the gonad.
Attenuated vaccines can recombine to form virulent field viruses.
Spin-transistor action via tunable Landau-Zener transitions.
Magnetic reconnection in the near Venusian magnetotail.
Cultural revolution in whale songs.
Topological restriction of SNARE-dependent membrane fusion.
Tracking an object through feature space.
Behaviourally driven gene expression reveals song nuclei in hummingbird brain.
Substantial contribution to sea-level rise during the last interglacial from the Greenland ice sheet.
Ancestral chloroplast genome in Mesostigma viride reveals an early branch of green plant evolution.
Gi and Go are target proteins of reactive oxygen species.
Laser physics: The smallest random laser.
The LIM homeobox gene Lhx9 is essential for mouse gonad formation.
Structure of a ligand-binding intermediate in wild-type carbonmonoxy myoglobin.
Seismological constraints on core composition from Fe-OS liquid immiscibility.
The where and when of intention.
Atlantic climate pacemaker for millennia past, decades hence?.
Electron spin polarization in nanoscale constrictions.
Ultrahigh-resolution spin-echo measurement of surface potential energy landscapes.
Quantifying stratospheric ozone in the upper troposphere with in situ measurements of HCl.
Photon-induced Kondo satellites in a single-electron transistor.
Jupiter's atmospheric composition from the Cassini thermal infrared spectroscopy experiment.
Discovery of a compact radio component in the center of supernova 1986J.
80 years of watching the evolutionary scenery.
Clarity on honey bee collapse?.
Atomic structure of human adenovirus by cryo-EM reveals interactions among protein networks.
Symmetric inertial confinement fusion implosions at ultra-high laser energies.
Polarization-induced hole doping in wideband-gap uniaxial semiconductor heterostructures.
Planar cell polarity acts through septins to control collective cell movement and ciliogenesis.
A red-shifted chlorophyll.
Human SIRT6 promotes DNA end resection through CtIP deacetylation.
A gating charge transfer center in voltage sensors.
A transient and low-populated protein-folding intermediate at atomic resolution.
Vibrio cholerae VpsT regulates matrix production and motility by directly sensing cyclic di-GMP.
NO says yes to mitochondria.
On sprites and their exotic kin.
Salmonella SipA polymerizes actin by stapling filaments with nonglobular protein arms.
CO2 snow depth and subsurface water-ice abundance in the northern hemisphere of Mars.
The global morphology of wave Poynting flux: Powering the aurora.
Homo erectus calvarium from the Pleistocene of Java.
Comment on" on the origin of interictal activity in human temporal lobe epilepsy in vitro".
A supershear transition mechanism for cracks.
Genomics, Genetic Engineering.
The elusive Bose metal.
Unraveling charge transport in conjugated polymers.
Identification of the long-sought common-envelope events.
Microcircuits for hierarchical elaboration of object coding across primate temporal areas.
Enantioselective synthesis of pactamycin, a complex antitumor antibiotic.
Biodiversity risks from fossil fuel extraction.
Soft-chemistrybased routes to epitaxial -quartz thin films with tunable textures.
A worm vaccine, coming at a snail's pace.
Cracking the mercury methylation code.
Bright Hot Impacts by Erupted Fragments Falling Back on the Sun: A Template for Stellar Accretion.
Shape memory and superelastic ceramics at small scales.
Radiation-pressure cooling and optomechanical instability of a micromirror.
Climate change and population declines in a long-distance migratory bird.
Biodiversity and ecosystem stability in a decade-long grassland experiment.
Bacterial RNA and small antiviral compounds activate caspase-1 through cryopyrin/Nalp3.
A semiconductor source of triggered entangled photon pairs.
An SCN9A channelopathy causes congenital inability to experience pain.
Evidence for Efimov quantum states in an ultracold gas of caesium atoms.
In vivo enhancer analysis of human conserved non-coding sequences.
Stochastic protein expression in individual cells at the single molecule level.
Self-cooling of a micromirror by radiation pressure.
Is face processing species-specific during the first year of life?.
Systematic identification of pathways that couple cell growth and division in yeast.
Structure of an HIF-1-pVHL complex: hydroxyproline recognition in signaling.
Sustained loss of a neoplastic phenotype by brief inactivation of MYC.
C-cadherin ectodomain structure and implications for cell adhesion mechanisms.
Cooperation and competition between relatives.
Self-assembly of highly phosphorylated silaffins and their function in biosilica morphogenesis.
Climatic control of the high-latitude vegetation greening trend and Pinatubo effect.
Colorectal cancer in mice genetically deficient in the mucin Muc2.
Cavity quantum electrodynamics: coherence in context.
An infrared ring around the magnetar SGR 1900+ 14.
Drug discovery: a lifeline for suffocating tissues.
Environmental science: Poisoned waters traced to source.
Palaeoclimate: Windows on the greenhouse.
Evolutionary biology: bridge over troublesome plastids.
Optics: Electronic eyeballs.
Nanotechnology: Squaring up with polymers.
Beyond the greenhouse.
[C] Mimicking photosynthesis, but just the best bits.
Structural biology: Serpins' mystery solved.
Low pCO2 in the pore water, not in the Archean air.
Genomics: Genomes in three dimensions.
Mineralogical constraints on Precambrian pCO2.
Streptococcal M1 protein constructs a pathological host fibrinogen network.
From isotopes to the stars.
Molecular computing: DNA as a logic operator.
The role of dyking and fault control in the rapid onset of eruption at Chaitn volcano, Chile.
A giant Ordovician anomalocaridid.
Search needs a shake-up.
Lessons from polio eradication.
Emperor penguins and climate change.
Inflammatory response: pathway across the bloodbrain barrier.
Switch-based mechanism of kinesin motors.
Real-time spectroscopy of transition states in bacteriorhodopsin during retinal isomerization.
The gating mechanism of the large mechanosensitive channel MscL.
Integration of cytogenetic landmarks into the draft sequence of the human genome.
Interplay of magnetism and high-Tc superconductivity at individual Ni impurity atoms in Bi2Sr2CaCu2O8&plus; .
Disruption of neurotransmission in Drosophila mushroom body blocks retrieval but not acquisition of memory.
Anaerobic benzene oxidation coupled to nitrate reduction in pure culture by two strains of Dechloromonas.
Online or invisible.
Insights into SCF ubiquitin ligases from the structure of the Skp1Skp2 complex.
Detection of preinvasive cancer cells.
Functional regeneration of sensory axons into the adult spinal cord.
Evidence for enhanced mixing over rough topography in the abyssal ocean.
Interplay of p53 and DNA-repair protein XRCC4 in tumorigenesis, genomic stability and development.
Biological rhythms: Circadian clocks limited by noise.
DNA repair protein Ku80 suppresses chromosomal aberrations and malignant transformation.
Calcium stores regulate the polarity and input specificity of synaptic modification.
Genomic rearrangement in NEMO impairs NF-B activation and is a cause of incontinentia pigmenti.
Global spread of microorganisms by ships.
Belowground biodiversity and ecosystem functioning.
Structural basis for recognition of synaptic vesicle protein 2C by botulinum neurotoxin A.
Structural mechanism of glutamate receptor activation and desensitization.
Blocking PGE2-induced tumour repopulation abrogates bladder cancer chemoresistance.
Neural constraints on learning.
Molecular photons interfaced with alkali atoms.
Dynamic sensory cues shape song structure in Drosophila.
Genome-wide characterization of the routes to pluripotency.
p63+ Krt5+ distal airway stem cells are essential for lung regeneration.
A cross-chiral RNA polymerase ribozyme.
Structural changes of envelope proteins during alphavirus fusion.
Seafood stewardship in crisis.
Cap binding and immune evasion revealed by Lassa nucleoprotein structure.
Mad2-induced chromosome instability leads to lung tumour relapse after oncogene withdrawal.
Ubiquitin-dependent DNA damage bypass is separable from genome replication.
Transmission of topological surface states through surface barriers.
A dimorphic pheromone circuit in Drosophila from sensory input to descending output.
Cities lead the way in climate-change action.
Mammalian biodiversity on Madagascar controlled by ocean currents.
[C] Five hard truths for synthetic biology..
A distortion of very-high-redshift galaxy number counts by gravitational lensing.
Active-site remodelling in the bifunctional fructose-1, 6-bisphosphate aldolase/phosphatase.
Protection of repetitive DNA borders from self-induced meiotic instability.
Atomic physics: Atoms playing dress-up.
Vaccinology: precisely tuned antibodies nab HIV.
Palaeoanthropology: the earliest modern humans in Europe.
Robins have a magnetic compass in both eyes.
Evolution of a new enzyme for carbon disulphide conversion by an acidothermophilic archaeon.
Policy: fuelling politics.
Better provenance for biobank samples.
That's my hand! Activity in premotor cortex reflects feeling of ownership of a limb.
Spatial representation in the entorhinal cortex.
Autoimmune disease and impaired uptake of apoptotic cells in MFG-E8-deficient mice.
A probabilistic functional network of yeast genes.
Synfire chains and cortical songs: temporal modules of cortical activity.
Integration of word meaning and world knowledge in language comprehension.
How viruses enter animal cells.
Self-assembled hexa-peri-hexabenzocoronene graphitic nanotube.
Ferroelectricity at the nanoscale: Local polarization in oxide thin films and heterostructures.
Evidence for addiction-like behavior in the rat.
Binding of GGA2 to the lysosomal enzyme sorting motif of the mannose 6-phosphate receptor.
Transgenic monkeys produced by retroviral gene transfer into mature oocytes.
African origin of modern humans in East Asia: a tale of 12,000 Y chromosomes.
Modulation of cell proliferation by heterotrimeric G protein in Arabidopsis.
The cholesterol quartet.
Electron spin resonance in studies of membranes and proteins.
Dynamics of the vocal imitation process: how a zebra finch learns its song.
Role of the nonsense-mediated decay factor hUpf3 in the splicing-dependent exon-exon junction complex.
Genetic correlates of musical pitch recognition in humans.
Vascular abnormalities and deregulation of VEGF in Lkb1-deficient mice.
A virus that infects a hyperthermophile encapsidates A-form DNA.
Give soils their due.
A structure of the COPI coat and the role of coat proteins in membrane vesicle assembly.
Large thermal Hall conductivity of neutral spin excitations in a frustrated quantum magnet.
Termite mounds can increase the robustness of dryland ecosystems to climatic change.
For vaccines, CD4+ T cells can spell trouble.
In a cluster of protogalaxies far, far away.
RNA editing by ADAR1 prevents MDA5 sensing of endogenous dsRNA as nonself.
Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases: The prion concept in relation to assembled A, tau, and -synuclein.
Shock compression of stishovite and melting of silica at planetary interior conditions.
Dust formation in a galaxy with primitive abundances.
Photovoltaics power up.
Teachers' participation in research programs improves their students' achievement in science.
A population of compact elliptical galaxies detected with the Virtual Observatory.
Survival from hypoxia in C. elegans by inactivation of aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases.
Tiger moth jams bat sonar.
The C-Ala domain brings together editing and aminoacylation functions on one tRNA.
Mozambican grass seed consumption during the Middle Stone Age.
Holocene glacier fluctuations in the Peruvian Andes indicate northern climate linkages.
A Cdc20-APC ubiquitin signaling pathway regulates presynaptic differentiation.
A theory of power-law distributions in financial market fluctuations.
Insulin-regulated hepatic gluconeogenesis through FOXO1PGC-1 interaction.
Realization of the CiracZoller controlled-NOT quantum gate.
Ankyrin-B mutation causes type 4 long-QT cardiac arrhythmia and sudden cardiac death.
Plankton effect on cod recruitment in the North Sea.
Genome-wide RNAi analysis of Caenorhabditis elegans fat regulatory genes.
Creation of ultracold molecules from a Fermi gas of atoms.
Controlling molecular deposition and layer structure with supramolecular surface assemblies.
Selective imprinting of gut-homing T cells by Peyer's patch dendritic cells.
Introduced species and their missing parasites.
Linking the evolution of body shape and locomotor biomechanics in bird-line archosaurs.
Preservation of ovarian follicles reveals early evolution of avian reproductive behaviour.
Meiotic chromosome structures constrain and respond to designation of crossover sites.
A rigid and weathered ice shell on Titan.
Accelerated gene evolution through replication-transcription conflicts.
Updated structure of Drosophila cryptochrome.
Coordinated control of replication and transcription by a SAPK protects genomic integrity.
Tubicolous enteropneusts from the Cambrian period.
The BC component of ABC toxins is an RHS-repeat-containing protein encapsulation device.
Hydrogen production from photolysis of steam adsorbed onto platinized SrTiO3.
Ammonia derived from glutaminolysis is a diffusible regulator of autophagy.
[C] In the shadow of Jane Goodall (vol 328, pg 30, 2010).
Filling gaps in global biodiversity estimates.
HCMV-encoded chemokine receptor US28 mediates proliferative signaling through the IL-6STAT3 axis.
Uncertain Future for Academy's Biology Experiment.
Autocrine purinergic receptor signaling is essential for macrophage chemotaxis.
New roles for the LKB1-NUAK pathway in controlling myosin phosphatase complexes and cell adhesion.
Development and characterization of glass fiber reinforced in-situ polymerized thermoplastic matrix composite material.
Haemodynamics determined by a genetic programme govern asymmetric development of the aortic arch.
Optical coherent state discrimination using a closed-loop quantum measurement.
Structural basis for synthesis of inflammatory mediators by human leukotriene C4 synthase.
Moisture transport across Central America as a positive feedback on abrupt climatic changes.
Magnetic exchange force microscopy with atomic resolution.
A 15.65-solar-mass black hole in an eclipsing binary in the nearby spiral galaxy M 33.
When good drugs go bad.
Enzymatic capture of an extrahelical thymine in the search for uracil in DNA.
Catastrophic flooding origin of shelf valley systems in the English Channel.
An IRF8-binding promoter variant and AIRE control CHRNA1 promiscuous expression in thymus.
Universal quantum computation with the exchange interaction.
Imaging the effects of individual zinc impurity atoms on superconductivity in Bi2Sr2CaCu2O8+ .
From bench to clinic with apoptosis-based therapeutic agents.
Pgh1 modulates sensitivity and resistance to multiple antimalarials in Plasmodium falciparum.
Defying death after DNA damage.
A surprising simplicity to protein folding.
Induction of vanilloid receptor channel activity by protein kinase C.
Shaped-pulse optimization of coherent emission of high-harmonic soft X-rays.
Shiga-like toxins are neutralized by tailored multivalent carbohydrate ligands.
Human population in the biodiversity hotspots.
Conversion of zinc oxide nanobelts into superlattice-structured nanohelices.
Widespread parallel evolution in sticklebacks by repeated fixation of ectodysplasin alleles.
Role of land-surface changes in Arctic summer warming.
A fine-scale map of recombination rates and hotspots across the human genome.
Astrocytic purinergic signaling coordinates synaptic networks.
Getting to know you: reputation and trust in a two-person economic exchange.
Calorie restriction promotes mitochondrial biogenesis by inducing the expression of eNOS.
Integration of spatial and temporal information during floral induction in Arabidopsis.
Molecular and cellular basis of cardiovascular gender differences.
U-Pb ages from the neoproterozoic Doushantuo Formation, China.
Spending money on others promotes happiness.
Entrainment of neuronal oscillations as a mechanism of attentional selection.
The status of the world's land and marine mammals: diversity, threat, and knowledge.
One-third of reef-building corals face elevated extinction risk from climate change and local impacts.
Stretchable and foldable silicon integrated circuits.
Observation of the spin Hall effect of light via weak measurements.
Expanding oxygen-minimum zones in the tropical oceans.
Response to Comments on Saturation of the Southern ocean CO2 sink due to recent climate change.
Drug target identification using side-effect similarity.
Single-molecule DNA sequencing of a viral genome.
Metabolomics: Biochemistry's new look.
A light carbon reservoir recorded in zircon-hosted diamond from the Jack Hills.
Spliceosomal cleavage generates the 3 end of telomerase RNA.
Photoemission kinks and phonons in cuprates.
The ion pathway through the opened Na+, K+-ATPase pump.
A blast wave from the 1843 eruption of &eegr; Carinae.
Marginal breakdown of the Fermi-liquid state on the border of metallic ferromagnetism.
Doping a semiconductor to create an unconventional metal.
Function, role, and disposition in basic formal ontology.
The 30-nm Fiber Redux.
Cancer Genes Help HIV Persist, Complicating Cure Efforts.
Laboratory formation of a scaled protostellar jet by coaligned poloidal magnetic field.
Economic and social implications of aging societies.
Constraints on Mimas' interior from Cassini ISS libration measurements.
The cancer drug that almost wasn't.
Biorobotics: Using robots to emulate and investigate agile locomotion.
The lunar dynamo.
Early accretion of water in the inner solar system from a carbonaceous chondritelike source.
Disrupting dissolving ions at surfaces with fluid flow.
Practical synthesis of prostratin, DPP, and their analogs, adjuvant leads against latent HIV.
Determining transition-state geometries in liquids using 2D-IR.
Generalized voice-leading spaces.
NMR imaging of catalytic hydrogenation in microreactors with the use of para-hydrogen.
Direct visualization of horizontal gene transfer.
Signal-mediated dynamic retention of glycosyltransferases in the Golgi.
Patterning mechanisms of branched organs.
Marine polyphosphate: a key player in geologic phosphorus sequestration.
Proton radiography of inertial fusion implosions.
Polymorphic Y chromosomes harbor cryptic variation with manifold functional consequences.
Once and future climate change.
Direct observations of the evolution of polar cap ionization patches.
Prioritizing science education.
Not all about consumption.
Innovation and scientific funding.
Brood parasitism and the evolution of cooperative breeding in birds.
(Pseudo-) symmetrical transport.
Proton donor acidity controls selectivity in nonaromatic nitrogen heterocycle synthesis.
'Dead'Enzymes Show Signs of Life.
Organotextile catalysis.
A mildly relativistic radio jet from the otherwise normal type Ic supernova 2007gr.
Outer-core compositional stratification from observed core wave speed profiles.
Phosphate oxygen isotopic evidence for a temperate and biologically active Archaean ocean.
Unexpected requirement for ELMO1 in clearance of apoptotic germ cells in vivo.
Higher rates of sex evolve in spatially heterogeneous environments.
Single-molecule analysis of Mss116-mediated group II intron folding.
Competition drives cooperation among closely related sperm of deer mice.
Decreased frequency of North Atlantic polar lows associated with future climate warming.
New Oligocene primate from Saudi Arabia and the divergence of apes and Old World monkeys.
Loss of fish actinotrichia proteins and the fin-to-limb transition.
Embryo engineering alarm.
Origin of dramatic oxygen solute strengthening effect in titanium.
Pioneers of the final frontier.
Hidden costs of infection: chronic malaria accelerates telomere degradation and senescence in wild birds.
Observing the onset of outflow collimation in a massive protostar.
Machine learning: Trends, perspectives, and prospects.
Crystal structure of the metazoan Nup62 Nup58 Nup54 nucleoporin complex.
Long-term measles-induced immunomodulation increases overall childhood infectious disease mortality.
Constrained work output of the moist atmospheric heat engine in a warming climate.
Complexity of coupled human and natural systems.
The new synthesis in moral psychology.
Far-field optical hyperlens magnifying sub-diffraction-limited objects.
Metal chlorides in ionic liquid solvents convert sugars to 5-hydroxymethylfurfural.
Structure of a thiol monolayer-protected gold nanoparticle at 1.1  resolution.
Designing superoleophobic surfaces.
Applications of modern ferroelectrics.
RNA maps reveal new RNA classes and a possible function for pervasive transcription.
GPCR engineering yields high-resolution structural insights into 2-adrenergic receptor function.
The increasing dominance of teams in production of knowledge.
A hierarchical model for evolution of 23S ribosomal RNA.
Evidence for middle Eocene Arctic sea ice from diatoms and ice-rafted debris.
Yurt, Coracle, Neurexin IV and the Na+, K+-ATPase form a novel group of epithelial polarity proteins.
Massively collaborative mathematics.
Detection of sequential polyubiquitylation on a millisecond timescale.
Metamorphic enzyme assembly in polyketide diversification.
An unexpected twist in viral capsid maturation.
DNA nanomechanics allows direct digital detection of complementary DNA and microRNA targets.
The worst-case scenario.
Ten per cent polarized optical emission from GRB 090102.
Battle Erupts Over the'Hobbit'Bones.
New Threat to Station Science.
NASA: Back to eating seed corn.
Scientists Scramble to Curb Webb Overruns.
The" ups and downs" of signaling cascades in addiction.
Attosecond spectroscopy in condensed matter.
Single-exciton optical gain in semiconductor nanocrystals.
Distinct classes of chromosomal rearrangements create oncogenic ETS gene fusions in prostate cancer.
Prostaglandin E2 regulates vertebrate haematopoietic stem cell homeostasis.
Nuclear organization of the genome and the potential for gene regulation.
Electronic measurement and control of spin transport in silicon.
An African origin for the intimate association between humans and Helicobacter pylori.
The menthol receptor TRPM8 is the principal detector of environmental cold.
Multiple molecular mechanisms for multidrug resistance transporters.
Foxp3 occupancy and regulation of key target genes during T-cell stimulation.
Stem cell self-renewal controlled by chromatin remodeling factors.
Implementation of the semiclassical quantum Fourier transform in a scalable system.
An epidermal barrier wound repair pathway in Drosophila is mediated by grainy head.
Natural selection and developmental constraints in the evolution of allometries.
The floral regulator LEAFY evolves by substitutions in the DNA binding domain.
Target cell-dependent normalization of transmitter release at neocortical synapses.
End states in one-dimensional atom chains.
Speciation by distance in a ring species.
Supra-canonical 26Al/27Al and the residence time of CAIs in the solar protoplanetary disk.
Ice sheet and solid earth influences on far-field sea-level histories.
Distinct behavioural and network correlates of two interneuron types in prefrontal cortex.
Guided hierarchical co-assembly of soft patchy nanoparticles.
Generation of inner ear sensory epithelia from pluripotent stem cells in 3D culture.
Deterministic entanglement of superconducting qubits by parity measurement and feedback.
Primary cilia are specialized calcium signalling organelles.
Genetic identification of C fibres that detect massage-like stroking of hairy skin in vivo.
Hastatic order in the heavy-fermion compound URu2Si2.
Responsive biomimetic networks from polyisocyanopeptide hydrogels.
Effect of natural genetic variation on enhancer selection and function.
Collaborations: The fourth age of research.
Microbiology: The life beneath our feet.
Sexist attitudes: Most of us are biased.
Rapid cross-density ocean mixing at mid-depths in the Drake Passage measured by tracer release.
The big fat truth.
[C] Education online: the virtual lab..
Transgenic salmon nears approval.
Research management: Quotas are questionable.
Cardiovascular disease: Biochemistry to behaviour.
Initial sequence of the chimpanzee genome and comparison with the human genome.
Postnatal isl1&plus; cardioblasts enter fully differentiated cardiomyocyte lineages.
Highly variable Northern Hemisphere temperatures reconstructed from low-and high-resolution proxy data.
Massive infection and loss of memory CD4+ T cells in multiple tissues during acute SIV infection.
Cyclophilin D-dependent mitochondrial permeability transition regulates some necrotic but not apoptotic cell death.
Rejuvenation of aged progenitor cells by exposure to a young systemic environment.
Global pattern of trends in streamflow and water availability in a changing climate.
Extracellular electron transfer via microbial nanowires.
Membrane curvature and mechanisms of dynamic cell membrane remodelling.
A network-based analysis of systemic inflammation in humans.
Sign change of Poisson's ratio for carbon nanotube sheets.
Heterogeneous nucleation experiments bridging the scale from molecular ion clusters to nanoparticles.
Linked reactivity at mineral-water interfaces through bulk crystal conduction.
Polarized gamma-ray emission from the Crab.
The Miller volcanic spark discharge experiment.
Dislocation mean free paths and strain hardening of crystals.
Superiority, competition, and opportunism in the evolutionary radiation of dinosaurs.
Aversive learning enhances perceptual and cortical discrimination of indiscriminable odor cues.
Synthesis of macrocyclic copolymer brushes and their self-assembly into supramolecular tubes.
Adaptive plasticity in female mate choice dampens sexual selection on male ornaments in the lark bunting.
Magneto-opto-electronic bistability in a phenalenyl-based neutral radical.
Sitosterol--glucoside as primer for cellulose synthesis in plants.
Sex matters in meiosis.
Est1p as a cell cycle-regulated activator of telomere-bound telomerase.
Maps of subsurface hydrogen from the high energy neutron detector, Mars Odyssey.
Extensive fungal diversity in plant roots.
Role of Toxoplasma gondii myosin A in powering parasite gliding and host cell invasion.
Single-molecule speckle analysis of actin filament turnover in lamellipodia.
Microscopic view of structural phase transitions induced by shock waves.
Molecular basis of proton motive force generation: structure of formate dehydrogenase-N.
Atlantic meridional overturning circulation during the Last Glacial Maximum.
Histocompatible embryonic stem cells by parthenogenesis.
Ordered phosphorylation governs oscillation of a three-protein circadian clock.
Coding/decoding and reversibility of droplet trains in microfluidic networks.
[C] Chemicals from biomass.
A Madden-Julian oscillation event realistically simulated by a global cloud-resolving model.
Conductance-controlled point functionalization of single-walled carbon nanotubes.
Seismostratigraphy and thermal structure of Earth's core-mantle boundary region.
Spring-loaded mechanism of DNA unwinding by hepatitis C virus NS3 helicase.
Parent-offspring conflict and coadaptation.
Nebulin and N-WASP Cooperate to Cause IGF-1Induced Sarcomeric Actin Filament Formation.
Large-area three-dimensional molecular ordering of a polymer brush by one-step processing.
Central Chile finally breaks.
Explaining the structure of the Archean mass-independent sulfur isotope record.
Defective cross-presentation of viral antigens in GILT-free mice.
Impact of spikelets on hippocampal CA1 pyramidal cell activity during spatial exploration.
Comment on Modafinil shifts human locus coeruleus to low-tonic, high-phasic activity during functional MRI and Homeostatic sleep pressure and responses to  .
Loss of carbon from the deep sea since the Last Glacial Maximum.
Loss of DNA replication control is a potent inducer of gene amplification.
Large-scale prediction and testing of drug activity on side-effect targets.
Experimental verification of Landauer/'s principle linking information and thermodynamics.
Public health: The toxic truth about sugar.
Aerosols implicated as a prime driver of twentieth-century North Atlantic climate variability.
An epigenetic blockade of cognitive functions in the neurodegenerating brain.
Antibiotics in early life alter the murine colonic microbiome and adiposity.
Vaccine protection against acquisition of neutralization-resistant SIV challenges in rhesus monkeys.
A call for transparent reporting to optimize the predictive value of preclinical research.
Designer Dirac fermions and topological phases in molecular graphene.
The sirtuin SIRT6 regulates lifespan in male mice.
Lithium isotope history of Cenozoic seawater: changes in silicate weathering and reverse weathering.
Extremely long-lived nuclear pore proteins in the rat brain.
Pollinator-mediated selection on flower color allele drives reinforcement.
Aerosols from overseas rival domestic emissions over North America.
Initiation of cell wall pattern by a Rho-and microtubule-driven symmetry breaking.
A measurable planetary boundary for the biosphere.
The stomatopod dactyl club: a formidable damage-tolerant biological hammer.
Radical SAM-dependent carbon insertion into the nitrogenase M-cluster.
The tides of Titan.
Seasonality in ocean microbial communities.
NMDA receptor blockade at rest triggers rapid behavioural antidepressant responses.
Direct generation of functional dopaminergic neurons from mouse and human fibroblasts.
Bifidobacteria can protect from enteropathogenic infection through production of acetate.
Intestinal homeostasis and its breakdown in inflammatory bowel disease.
Inkjet printing of single-crystal films.
Mouse genomic variation and its effect on phenotypes and gene regulation.
Self-organizing optic-cup morphogenesis in three-dimensional culture.
Telomere dysfunction induces metabolic and mitochondrial compromise.
Structure of the human histamine H1 receptor complex with doxepin.
Atomic physics and quantum optics using superconducting circuits.
An X-ray outburst from the rapidly accreting young star that illuminates McNeil's nebula.
Evolutionary genetics: CCR5 mutation and plague protection.
Cancer: survival pathways meet their end.
Microbiology: gut reaction.
The DNA sequence and comparative analysis of human chromosome 10.
Restricted growth of Schwann cells lacking Cajal bands slows conduction in myelinated nerves.
Protein arrays: proteomics in multiplex.
Effect of trace metal availability on coccolithophorid calcification.
Climate (communication arising): Impact of land-use change on climate.
Animal behaviour: fair refusal by capuchin monkeys.
Planetary science: constant illumination at the lunar north pole.
How Prometheus creates structure in Saturn's F ring.
Chronology of the early Solar System from chondrule-bearing calcium-aluminium-rich inclusions.
Electronic notebooks: A new leaf.
Climate modelling: northern hemisphere circulation.
Oceanography: The Atlantic heat conveyor slows.
Cognitive science: staring fear in the face.
Meteoritic dust from the atmospheric disintegration of a large meteoroid.
Climate change: the long-range forecast.
Surface tension: floater clustering in a standing wave.
Ongoing adaptive evolution of ASPM, a brain size determinant in Homo sapiens.
Evidence for macromolecular protein rings in the absence of bulk water.
Parallel and serial neural mechanisms for visual search in macaque area V4.
Direct observation of the three-state folding of a single protein molecule.
ATP signaling is crucial for communication from taste buds to gustatory nerves.
Carbon flux and growth in mature deciduous forest trees exposed to elevated CO2.
Identification of a universal Group B streptococcus vaccine by multiple genome screen.
Controlling the Kondo effect of an adsorbed magnetic ion through its chemical bonding.
A strategy for probing the function of noncoding RNAs finds a repressor of NFAT.
Electron spectroscopy of aqueous solution interfaces reveals surface enhancement of halides.
Cascading effects of the loss of apex predatory sharks from a coastal ocean.
The obesity-associated FTO gene encodes a 2-oxoglutarate-dependent nucleic acid demethylase.
Designed synthesis of 3D covalent organic frameworks.
Perspectives on the Arctic's shrinking sea-ice cover.
Label-free, single-molecule detection with optical microcavities.
Proteasome-independent functions of ubiquitin in endocytosis and signaling.
Ethanol for a sustainable energy future.
Identification of active edge sites for electrochemical H2 evolution from MoS2 nanocatalysts.
Nucleus accumbens D2/3 receptors predict trait impulsivity and cocaine reinforcement.
Tumor growth need not be driven by rare cancer stem cells.
Complex shapes self-assembled from single-stranded DNA tiles.
High-valent organometallic copper and palladium in catalysis.
Validation of ITD mutations in FLT3 as a therapeutic target in human acute myeloid leukaemia.
Warming experiments underpredict plant phenological responses to climate change.
Terahertz-field-induced insulator-to-metal transition in vanadium dioxide metamaterial.
NPR3 and NPR4 are receptors for the immune signal salicylic acid in plants.
Burkitt lymphoma pathogenesis and therapeutic targets from structural and functional genomics.
Membrane-based processes for sustainable power generation using water.
Goblet cells deliver luminal antigen to CD103+ dendritic cells in the small intestine.
Recurrent R-spondin fusions in colon cancer.
Heterotrophic plasticity and resilience in bleached corals.
The PerR transcription factor senses H2O2 by metal-catalysed histidine oxidation.
Mechanism limiting centrosome duplication to once per cell cycle.
Structural basis for gene regulation by a thiamine pyrophosphate-sensing riboswitch.
Structure of the S-adenosylmethionine riboswitch regulatory mRNA element.
Increased cell-to-cell variation in gene expression in ageing mouse heart.
A Devonian tetrapod-like fish and the evolution of the tetrapod body plan.
Computational redesign of endonuclease DNA binding and cleavage specificity.
Solution-processed silicon films and transistors.
Structure of the parainfluenza virus 5 F protein in its metastable, prefusion conformation.
A subthermionic tunnel field-effect transistor with an atomically thin channel.
Spin-motion entanglement and state diagnosis with squeezed oscillator wavepackets.
From evolutionary computation to the evolution of things.
Corrigendum: Derivation of novel human ground state naive pluripotent stem cells.
GGGGCC repeat expansion in C9orf72 compromises nucleocytoplasmic transport.
Neuroscience: Binge drinking and brain stress systems.
Cytometry: Measure for measure.
Outreach: Speak up for science.
Transcriptional control of autophagy-lysosome function drives pancreatic cancer metabolism.
Behaviour-dependent recruitment of long-range projection neurons in somatosensory cortex.
Slowly fading super-luminous supernovae that are not pair-instability explosions.
Ca2+ regulates T-cell receptor activation by modulating the charge property of lipids.
Dendritic spikes enhance stimulus selectivity in cortical neurons in vivo.
Exploiting dimensionality and defect mitigation to create tunable microwave dielectrics.
Dysfunctional nitric oxide signalling increases risk of myocardial infarction.
Experimental evidence for the influence of group size on cultural complexity.
Migrating bubble during break-induced replication drives conservative DNA synthesis.
Entanglement between light and an optical atomic excitation.
July 2012 Greenland melt extent enhanced by low-level liquid clouds.
The new frontier of genome engineering with CRISPR-Cas9.
Medicaid increases emergency-department use: evidence from Oregon's Health Insurance Experiment.
Single-cell RNA-seq reveals dynamic, random monoallelic gene expression in mammalian cells.
Structure of the yeast mitochondrial large ribosomal subunit.
The myeloma drug lenalidomide promotes the cereblon-dependent destruction of Ikaros proteins.
Lenalidomide causes selective degradation of IKZF1 and IKZF3 in multiple myeloma cells.
Tunable electrical conductivity in metal-organic framework thin-film devices.
Wafer-scale growth of single-crystal monolayer graphene on reusable hydrogen-terminated germanium.
Microbiota-dependent crosstalk between macrophages and ILC3 promotes intestinal homeostasis.
Adaptation of innate lymphoid cells to a micronutrient deficiency promotes type 2 barrier immunity.
Eye-specific effects of binocular rivalry in the human lateral geniculate nucleus.
Rapid growth of black holes in massive star-forming galaxies.
Rebuilt AAA &plus; motors reveal operating principles for ATP-fuelled machines.
Sex increases the efficacy of natural selection in experimental yeast populations.
Structure of the apoptotic protease-activating factor 1 bound to ADP.
Genetic interactions between polymorphisms that affect gene expression in yeast.
Requirement of TRPC channels in netrin-1-induced chemotropic turning of nerve growth cones.
[C] DNA barcoding a useful tool for taxonomists.
Photosynthesis genes in marine viruses yield proteins during host infection.
Predictive models of molecular machines involved in Caenorhabditis elegans early embryogenesis.
Human evolution: stranger from Siberia.
Palaeontology: muddy tetrapod origins.
A new strategy for energy innovation.
Inferring echolocation in ancient bats.
Strategic body needed to beat food crises.
[C] Scientists need a shorter path to research freedom..
Biochemistry: A radically different enzyme.
Stand up for science.
[C] Networking: four ways to reinvent the Internet.
Endothelial progenitor cells control the angiogenic switch in mouse lung metastasis.
Atmospheric warming and the amplification of precipitation extremes.
High impulsivity predicts the switch to compulsive cocaine-taking.
Graphoepitaxy of self-assembled block copolymers on two-dimensional periodic patterned templates.
Global warming, elevational range shifts, and lowland biotic attrition in the wet tropics.
The geological evolution of the Tibetan Plateau.
Tumor regression in cancer patients by very low doses of a T cellengaging antibody.
Reaction-driven restructuring of Rh-Pd and Pt-Pd core-shell nanoparticles.
Qinghaosu (artemisinin): the price of success.
Beyond deforestation: restoring forests and ecosystem services on degraded lands.
Lab automation and robotics: Automation on the move.
Epidemiology: Sexual transmission of HIV in Africa.
A collimated, high-speed outflow from the dying star V Hydrae.
Sugars tied to the spot.
Restless nights, listless days.
Alzheimer's disease: Mental plaque removal.
Metallurgy (communication arising): Stainless-steel corrosion and MnS inclusions.
Psychophysics: How fielders arrive in time to catch the ball.
Palaeontology: Human footprints in Pleistocene volcanic ash.
Feedback regulation of MAPK signalling by an RNA-binding protein.
Tropical medicine: melioidosis? Never heard of it....
Human cooperation: second-order free-riding problem solved?.
Botany: floral fluorescence effect.
The great chain of being.
'Lophenteropneust'hypothesis refuted by collection and photos of new deep-sea hemichordates.
Databases in peril.
Biodiversity: gut feeling for yeasts.
Agricultural biotechnology: gene exchange by design.
Neuroscience: Friends and grandmothers.
A unique biomedical resource at risk.
Formins set the record straight.
Coral reef biodiversity and conservation.
US vaccine supply falls seriously short.
Rough-and-tumble behind Bush's smallpox policy.
Close before opening.
Peering into the shadows: Iraq's bioweapons program.
Sizing up the shape of life.
In the Mideast, pushing back the stem cell frontier.
Harmful moratorium on stem cell research.
Interleukin-22 alleviates metabolic disorders and restores mucosal immunity in diabetes.
High-efficiency acceleration of an electron beam in a plasma wakefield accelerator.
miR-34a blocks osteoporosis and bone metastasis by inhibiting osteoclastogenesis and Tgif2.
A mass of less than 15 solar masses for the black hole in an ultraluminous X-ray source.
A dedicated circuit links direction-selective retinal ganglion cells to the primary visual cortex.
Structure of a lipid-bound extended synaptotagmin indicates a role in lipid transfer.
Homologue engagement controls meiotic DNA break number and distribution.
Scalable control of mounting and attack by Esr1+ neurons in the ventromedial hypothalamus.
Publishers withdraw more than 120 gibberish papers.
MicroRNA silencing for cancer therapy targeted to the tumour microenvironment.
Archaeal dominance in the mesopelagic zone of the Pacific Ocean.
Histone deacetylase inhibitors arrest polyglutamine-dependent neurodegeneration in Drosophila.
Synthesizing life.
A conserved XIAP-interaction motif in caspase-9 and Smac/DIABLO regulates caspase activity and apoptosis.
Evidence from detrital zircons for the existence of continental crust and oceans on the Earth 4.4 Gyr ago.
The ATMChk2Cdc25A checkpoint pathway guards against radioresistant DNA synthesis.
Complete genome sequence of a multiple drug resistant Salmonella enterica serovar Typhi CT18.
Microarrays of cells expressing defined cDNAs.
Inactivation of the apoptosis effector Apaf-1 in malignant melanoma.
Experimental violation of a Bell's inequality with efficient detection.
Marine fish egg hydration is aquaporin-mediated.
A secondary symbiosis in progress?.
Whither model organism research.
Simultaneous tomography and diffraction analysis of creep damage.
Comment on" Status and trends of amphibian declines and extinctions worldwide".
Retinoic acid signaling affects cortical synchrony during sleep.
Laboratory earthquakes along inhomogeneous faults: Directionality and supershear.
Theoretical study of geometric phase effects in the hydrogen-exchange reaction.
Mangroves, fishponds, and the quest for sustainability.
Triangular and Fibonacci number patterns driven by stress on core/shell microstructures.
Dust measurements in the coma of comet 81P/Wild 2 by the Dust Flux Monitor Instrument.
Frequent recombination in a saltern population of Halorubrum.
Spinophilin blocks arrestin actions in vitro and in vivo at G protein-coupled receptors.
Will vaccines be available for the next influenza pandemic?.
Chiral fiber gratings.
The structure of protonated water clusters.
Mitotic Golgi partitioning is driven by the membrane-fissioning protein CtBP3/BARS.
Breaking the sod: Humankind, history, and soil.
Evidence that nitric acid increases relative humidity in low-temperature cirrus clouds.
Pancam multispectral imaging results from the Opportunity Rover at Meridiani Planum.
Untangling desmosomal knots with electron tomography.
Energy resources and global development.
Dependence of upper critical field and pairing strength on doping in cuprates.
Slow in, rapid out--carbon flux studies and Kyoto targets.
Rapid turnover of hyphae of mycorrhizal fungi determined by AMS microanalysis of 14C.
Human chromosome 7: DNA sequence and biology.
Near-perfect elastoplasticity in pure nanocrystalline copper.
Maize genome sequencing by methylation filtration.
Informatics and quantitative analysis in biological imaging.
Second child in French trial is found to have leukemia.
Earth science: cracking the Himalaya.
Metabolism: a higher power for insulin.
Corrigendum: Mg isotope evidence for contemporaneous formation of chondrules and refractory inclusions.
Botany: Specialized bird perch aids cross-pollination.
Scar prevention: the healing touch.
Plant biology: auxin action.
Plantfungal associations: Cue for the branching connection.
Ayurveda.
High-probability uniquantal transmission at excitatory synapses in barrel cortex.
Healthy animals with extreme longevity.
Selective charging of tRNA isoacceptors explains patterns of codon usage.
Drought in the Sahel.
The interface phase and the Schottky barrier for a crystalline dielectric on silicon.
Technology challenges in responding to biological or chemical attacks in the civilian sector.
Pseudo-random unitary operators for quantum information processing.
Yeast life-span extension by calorie restriction is independent of NAD fluctuation.
Inactivation of TNF signaling by rationally designed dominant-negative TNF variants.
Rapid actin transport during cell protrusion.
Visualizing uncertainty about the future.
Crystal structure of the dynein motor domain.
Selective inhibition of a regulatory subunit of protein phosphatase 1 restores proteostasis.
School-based early childhood education and age-28 well-being: Effects by timing, dosage, and subgroups.
Disentangling the drivers of  diversity along latitudinal and elevational gradients.
In situ studies of chemistry and structure of materials in reactive environments.
H2S: a universal defense against antibiotics in bacteria.
Reconfigurable knots and links in chiral nematic colloids.
Magnetic bistability of molecules in homogeneous solution at room temperature.
Cardiac myosin activation: a potential therapeutic approach for systolic heart failure.
Mitogenic influence of human R-spondin1 on the intestinal epithelium.
Akt-mediated phosphorylation of EZH2 suppresses methylation of lysine 27 in histone H3.
Glycolipids as receptors for Bacillus thuringiensis crystal toxin.
Introduced predators transform subarctic islands from grassland to tundra.
Terrestrial gamma-ray flashes observed up to 20 MeV.
Feeling the beat: movement influences infant rhythm perception.
Bright infrared emission from electrically induced excitons in carbon nanotubes.
Flexible control of mutual inhibition: a neural model of two-interval discrimination.
The origin of planetary impactors in the inner solar system.
Allometry of alarm calls: black-capped chickadees encode information about predator size.
Specification and morphogenesis of astrocytes.
Linear arrays of nuclear envelope proteins harness retrograde actin flow for nuclear movement.
Fermi gamma-ray imaging of a radio galaxy.
Targeted 3 processing of antisense transcripts triggers Arabidopsis FLC chromatin silencing.
An antagonistic pair of FT homologs mediates the control of flowering time in sugar beet.
The future of metals.
Fast vesicle fusion in living cells requires at least three SNARE complexes.
Genome evolution following host jumps in the Irish potato famine pathogen lineage.
Cellodextrin transport in yeast for improved biofuel production.
The free-energy landscape of clusters of attractive hard spheres.
Female leadership raises aspirations and educational attainment for girls: A policy experiment in India.
Elementary Ca2+ signals through endothelial TRPV4 channels regulate vascular function.
Neighborhood effects on the long-term well-being of low-income adults.
Critical truths about power laws.
Navigating the Anthropocene: improving earth system governance.
Highly conserved protective epitopes on influenza B viruses.
A stem cellbased approach to cartilage repair.
Computational design of self-assembling protein nanomaterials with atomic level accuracy.
Unlike bone, cartilage regeneration remains elusive.
A mitochondrial pyruvate carrier required for pyruvate uptake in yeast, Drosophila, and humans.
An endogenous small interfering RNA pathway in Drosophila.
A hemispherical electronic eye camera based on compressible silicon optoelectronics.
Integration of metabolism and inflammation by lipid-activated nuclear receptors.
Programming biomolecular self-assembly pathways.
Haematopoietic stem cell release is regulated by circadian oscillations.
Net carbon dioxide losses of northern ecosystems in response to autumn warming.
The coming acceleration of global population ageing.
Microscopic theory of the extraordinary optical transmission.
Activating mutations in ALK provide a therapeutic target in neuroblastoma.
Generation of pluripotent stem cells from adult human testis.
Activity-and mTOR-dependent suppression of Kv1. 1 channel mRNA translation in dendrites.
Requirement for coronin 1 in T lymphocyte trafficking and cellular homeostasis.
Aggresomes and autophagy generate sites for virus replication.
Transitions to asexuality result in excess amino acid substitutions.
A role for the macaque anterior cingulate gyrus in social valuation.
Mass and local topography measurements of Itokawa by Hayabusa.
Large punctuational contribution of speciation to evolutionary divergence at the molecular level.
Operation of a DNA robot arm inserted into a 2D DNA crystalline substrate.
The last deglaciation of the southeastern sector of the Scandinavian Ice Sheet.
The ultimate physical limits of privacy.
Conservation of trans-acting circuitry during mammalian regulatory evolution.
Cntnap4 differentially contributes to GABAergic and dopaminergic synaptic transmission.
Rapid formation of large dust grains in the luminous supernova 2010jl.
Unexpected link between an antibiotic, pannexin channels and apoptosis.
Biogeography and individuality shape function in the human skin metagenome.
PRC2 loss amplifies Ras-driven transcription and confers sensitivity to BRD4-based therapies.
Histone H2A. Z subunit exchange controls consolidation of recent and remote memory.
Migrations and dynamics of the intertropical convergence zone.
A massive galaxy in its core formation phase three billion years after the Big Bang.
Epidemiology: resistance mapping in malaria.
Pulsed accretion in a variable protostar.
Dynamics of a Snowball Earth ocean.
Supervolcanoes within an ancient volcanic province in Arabia Terra, Mars.
Optical devices: 3D without the glasses.
Materials science: When two is better than one.
Drug development: Releasing the brakes.
Oversimplifying quantum factoring.
Systems biology: Metabolite turns master regulator.
[C] Bees, lies and evidence-based policy..
Processing of primary microRNAs by the Microprocessor complex.
Community structure and metabolism through reconstruction of microbial genomes from the environment.
Sequence and comparative analysis of the chicken genome provide unique perspectives on vertebrate evolution.
Lymphocyte egress from thymus and peripheral lymphoid organs is dependent on S1P receptor 1.
Electric polarization reversal and memory in a multiferroic material induced by magnetic fields.
A pancreatic islet-specific microRNA regulates insulin secretion.
A laserplasma accelerator producing monoenergetic electron beams.
Premature ageing in mice expressing defective mitochondrial DNA polymerase.
Neuroplasticity: changes in grey matter induced by training.
Sirt1 promotes fat mobilization in white adipocytes by repressing PPAR-.
X-ray flares from postmerger millisecond pulsars.
JETLAG resets the Drosophila circadian clock by promoting light-induced degradation of TIMELESS.
Environmental monitoring by wireless communication networks.
Atomic-scale coupling of photons to single-molecule junctions.
A gaseous metal disk around a white dwarf.
Solid ammonium sulfate aerosols as ice nuclei: A pathway for cirrus cloud formation.
Two years at Meridiani Planum: results from the Opportunity Rover.
Arginylation of -actin regulates actin cytoskeleton and cell motility.
Optical atomic coherence at the 1-second time scale.
Evidence for a polar ethane cloud on Titan.
Geochemical evidence from the Sudbury structure for crustal redistribution by large bolide impacts.
Fungi and the food of the gods.
Science searches shift up a gear as Google starts Scholar engine.
Fear of human pandemic grows as bird flu sweeps through Asia.
Stress propagation: Getting to the bottom of a granular medium.
Origins of life: born in a watery commune.
Medicinal chemistry: a worthy adversary for malaria.
Formation of zirconium metallic glass.
Complex organic chemical balms of Pharaonic animal mummies.
The hole truth.
Discovery of brainwide neural-behavioral maps via multiscale unsupervised structure learning.
Ultralight, ultrastiff mechanical metamaterials.
A fracture-resistant high-entropy alloy for cryogenic applications.
Electrically driven nuclear spin resonance in single-molecule magnets.
Structure of the mitochondrial translocator protein in complex with a diagnostic ligand.
Sleep promotes branch-specific formation of dendritic spines after learning.
Toughening elastomers with sacrificial bonds and watching them break.
Migratory animals couple biodiversity and ecosystem functioning worldwide.
EU agricultural reform fails on biodiversity.
Loss-induced suppression and revival of lasing.
Asteroid 21 Lutetia: low mass, high density.
Terraces in phylogenetic tree space.
pH-dependent gating in a FocA formate channel.
Real-time dynamics of quantized vortices in a unitary fermi superfluid.
Tissue says blood is misleading, confusing HIV cure efforts.
Keeping bacteria at a distance.
Structural dynamics of a catalytic monolayer probed by ultrafast 2D IR vibrational echoes.
ARVs as HIV prevention: a tough road to wide impact.
Brain evolution triggers increased diversification of electric fishes.
9 Billion?.
Meltwater pulse 1A from Antarctica as a trigger of the Blling-Allerd warm interval.
Hexameric structure and assembly of the interleukin-6/IL-6 -receptor/gp130 complex.
Trophoblast L-selectin-mediated adhesion at the maternal-fetal interface.
Demography of dietary restriction and death in Drosophila.
Evolution of the protein repertoire.
Explaining the abundance of ants in lowland tropical rainforest canopies.
Cannibalism by sporulating bacteria.
Isolation and structure of higher diamondoids, nanometer-sized diamond molecules.
A dearth of dark matter in ordinary elliptical galaxies.
Transport of dsRNA into cells by the transmembrane protein SID-1.
Trapping the dynamic acyl carrier protein in fatty acid biosynthesis.
ZMYND11 links histone H3. 3K36me3 to transcription elongation and tumour suppression.
Magneto-optical trapping of a diatomic molecule.
Quantum control and process tomography of a semiconductor quantum dot hybrid qubit.
Origins of major archaeal clades correspond to gene acquisitions from bacteria.
Comparative analysis of the transcriptome across distant species.
Rapid fucosylation of intestinal epithelium sustains host-commensal symbiosis in sickness.
Lethal aggression in Pan is better explained by adaptive strategies than human impacts.
A Be-type star with a black-hole companion.
The Laniakea supercluster of galaxies.
ADAMTS5 is the major aggrecanase in mouse cartilage in vivo and in vitro.
Neural measures reveal individual differences in controlling access to working memory.
Interchromosomal associations between alternatively expressed loci.
Temporal targeting of tumour cells and neovasculature with a nanoscale delivery system.
Control of B-cell responses by Toll-like receptors.
A dual-kinase mechanism for Wnt co-receptor phosphorylation and activation.
Blimp1 is a critical determinant of the germ cell lineage in mice.
SV40-encoded microRNAs regulate viral gene expression and reduce susceptibility to cytotoxic T cells.
Infrared radiation from an extrasolar planet.
Impairment of angiogenesis and cell migration by targeted aquaporin-1 gene disruption.
Comment on" Impacts of biodiversity loss on ocean ecosystem services".
The Slit receptor EVA-1 coactivates a SAX-3/Robomediated guidance signal in C. elegans.
Origin of the low rigidity of the Earth's inner core.
A Cambrian peak in morphological variation within trilobite species.
Synthetic genome brings new life to bacterium.
Diverse plasma populations and structures in Jupiter's magnetotail.
Strand-biased spreading of mutations during somatic hypermutation.
Comment on" Redefining the Age of Clovis: Implications for the Peopling of the Americas".
Sustainable mobility: a vision of our transport future.
Structural mechanism of ligand activation in human GABAB receptor.
Environment: Overhaul pesticide testing on bees.
The origin of conodonts and of vertebrate mineralized skeletons.
The rewards of restraint in the collective regulation of foraging by harvester ant colonies.
Mechanism of farnesylated CAAX protein processing by the intramembrane protease Rce1.
Looking from both sides.
Ocean science: Arctic sea ice needs better forecasts.
Applied physics: Cloaking of heat.
Structural basis for alternating access of a eukaryotic calcium/proton exchanger.
Tunneling spectroscopy of the elementary excitations in a one-dimensional wire.
Microporous and photoluminescent chalcogenide zeolite analogs.
Faithful expression of imprinted genes in cloned mice.
Storage of methane and freon by interstitial van der Waals confinement.
Nanometer resolution and coherent optical dipole coupling of two individual molecules.
Large-scale, decelerating, relativistic X-ray jets from the microquasar XTE J1550-564.
Identification of a potential ejaculation generator in the spinal cord.
Experimental identification of downhill protein folding.
Selection and amplification of hosts from dynamic combinatorial libraries of macrocyclic disulfides.
Dangerous climate impacts and the Kyoto Protocol.
Genome-wide structure and organization of eukaryotic pre-initiation complexes.
Skin infection generates non-migratory memory CD8+ TRM cells providing global skin immunity.
MR1 presents microbial vitamin B metabolites to MAIT cells.
Fast core rotation in red-giant stars as revealed by gravity-dominated mixed modes.
A novel sensor to map auxin response and distribution at high spatio-temporal resolution.
Long non-coding antisense RNA controls Uchl1 translation through an embedded SINEB2 repeat.
Regulatory B cells control T-cell autoimmunity through IL-21-dependent cognate interactions.
Enhancer decommissioning by LSD1 during embryonic stem cell differentiation.
Electronic read-out of a single nuclear spin using a molecular spin transistor.
The contribution of bone to whole-organism physiology.
Early oxygenation of the terrestrial environment during the Mesoproterozoic.
Segregation of yeast nuclear pores.
Late middle Eocene epoch of Libya yields earliest known radiation of African anthropoids.
[C] Airport security: intent to deceive?.
A Late Cretaceous ceratopsian dinosaur from Europe with Asian affinities.
Water resources: beyond infrastructure.
Materials chemistry: controlled nanotube reactions.
Stem cells: Big roles for small RNAs.
Principles of stop-codon reading on the ribosome.
The business of biodiversity.
Semiconductor physics: The value of seeing nothing.
Making an impact.
The ties that bind.
Conservation biology: Fatal medicine for vultures.
Materials physics: Doping control for nanotubes.
Laser physics: Fantastic plastic.
Psychology: insight and the sleep committee.
Neurodegenerative disease: neuron protection agency.
Early blastomere determines embryo proliferation and caste fate in a polyembryonic wasp.
[C] Erratum: Single-crystal metallic nanowires and metal/semiconductor nanowire heterostructures.
Cyclin D control of growth rate in plants.
Intraprotein radical transfer during photoactivation of DNA photolyase.
Direct observation of growth and collapse of a BoseEinstein condensate with attractive interactions.
Non-chondritic distribution of the highly siderophile elements in mantle sulphides.
Regulation of repulsion versus adhesion by different splice forms of an Eph receptor.
Materials science: Single-walled 4  carbon nanotube arrays.
Stem cellshype and hope.
An algorithmic benchmark for quantum information processing.
Light acts directly on organs and cells in culture to set the vertebrate circadian clock.
Materials science: a stable non-classical metallofullerene family.
Epigenetic reprogramming in plant and animal development.
Substrate elasticity regulates skeletal muscle stem cell self-renewal in culture.
Regulation of alternative splicing by histone modifications.
Graphene double-layer capacitor with ac line-filtering performance.
Multiple exciton collection in a sensitized photovoltaic system.
A wandering mind is an unhappy mind.
Frictional characteristics of atomically thin sheets.
Deep-sea oil plume enriches indigenous oil-degrading bacteria.
Modeled impact of anthropogenic warming on the frequency of intense Atlantic hurricanes.
Integrative analysis of the Caenorhabditis elegans genome by the modENCODE project.
Pairing gap and in-gap excitations in trapped fermionic superfluids.
Shifts in deep-sea community structure linked to climate and food supply.
Fractionation of the platinum-group elements during mantle melting.
E protein silencing by the leukemogenic AML1-ETO fusion protein.
The ethylene signaling pathway.
Layer-specific somatosensory cortical activation during active tactile discrimination.
Sudden onset of pitting corrosion on stainless steel as a critical phenomenon.
Profiling the thermoelectric power of semiconductor junctions with nanometer resolution.
Discovery of a large dust disk around the nearby star AU Microscopii.
Partitioning the energetics of walking and running: swinging the limbs is expensive.
Functional insights from the structure of the 30S ribosomal subunit and its interactions with antibiotics.
A mesoscale phytoplankton bloom in the polar Southern Ocean stimulated by iron fertilization.
Quantum superposition of distinct macroscopic states.
Selection of peptides with semiconductor binding specificity for directed nanocrystal assembly.
Rapid degradation of a large fraction of newly synthesized proteins by proteasomes.
CTCF mediates methylation-sensitive enhancer-blocking activity at the H19/Igf2 locus.
Voice-selective areas in human auditory cortex.
Why do we age?.
Reversible electromechanical characteristics of carbon nanotubes under local-probe manipulation.
Engineering stability in gene networks by autoregulation.
[C] Romanian physics: Is a mega-project the ELI in the room?.
Hallucigenia/'s head and the pharyngeal armature of early ecdysozoans.
Temperature representation in the Drosophila brain.
Astrophysics: A twist in the tale of [gamma]-ray bursts.
Palaeoclimate: Climate sensitivity in a warmer world.
Crystal structure of the eukaryotic origin recognition complex.
Highly efficient star formation in NGC 5253 possibly from stream-fed accretion.
Time management: Seize the moment.
NEAR at Eros: Imaging and spectral results.
The power of direct writing.
Motility powered by supramolecular springs and ratchets.
How snapping shrimp snap: through cavitating bubbles.
Cholinergic synaptic inhibition of inner hair cells in the neonatal mammalian cochlea.
Regulation of STAT3 by direct binding to the Rac1 GTPase.
Pif1p helicase, a catalytic inhibitor of telomerase in yeast.
First-principles theory for the H+ H2O, D2O reactions.
Vibrational promotion of electron transfer.
Cross-species interactions between malaria parasites in humans.
Synthesis, structure, and reactivity of an iron (V) nitride.
Soil nitrite as a source of atmospheric HONO and OH radicals.
Biscrolling nanotube sheets and functional guests into yarns.
Mass spectrometry of intact V-type ATPases reveals bound lipids and the effects of nucleotide binding.
Structural basis of type II topoisomerase inhibition by the anticancer drug etoposide.
Pathogen effectors target Arabidopsis EDS1 and alter its interactions with immune regulators.
Detection of the water reservoir in a forming planetary system.
The biodiversity and ecosystem services science-policy interface.
High pre-eruptive water contents preserved in lunar melt inclusions.
Race, ethnicity, and NIH research awards.
Biochemistry: Tackling unintelligent design.
Bioinorganic chemistry: Model offers intermediate insight.
Formation of the black-hole binary M33 X-7 through mass exchange in a tight massive system.
Nonlinear dynamics: Chaotic billiard lasers.
Silk evolution untangled.
2020 Visions.
Biogeochemistry: NO connection with methane.
Questions over the scientific basis of epigenome project.
Nanotechnology: Molecular robots on the move.
Reflections on the ozone hole.
Regulation of mitochondrial biogenesis in skeletal muscle by CaMK.
Oscillations and sparsening of odor representations in the mushroom body.
Rates of behavior and aging specified by mitochondrial function during development.
Dynamic imaging of T cell-dendritic cell interactions in lymph nodes.
Myeloperoxidase, a leukocyte-derived vascular NO oxidase.
Structural basis of transcription initiation: an RNA polymerase holoenzyme-DNA complex.
RNA silencing: the genome's immune system.
Aerial dispersal of pathogens on the global and continental scales and its impact on plant disease.
Microbial reefs in the Black Sea fueled by anaerobic oxidation of methane.
Volunteering as red queen mechanism for cooperation in public goods games.
Forward scattering due to slow-down of the intermediate in the H &plus; HD D &plus; H2 reaction.
Modulation of an RNA-binding protein by abscisic-acid-activated protein kinase.
Ecology: Darwin's naturalization hypothesis challenged.
Structural basis for recognition of acidic-cluster dileucine sequence by GGA1.
Filamentous phage integration requires the host recombinases XerC and XerD.
Observation of ligand effects during alkene hydrogenation catalysed by supported metal clusters.
Medicine: dangermisfolding proteins.
Structure and dynamics of KH domains from FBP bound to single-stranded DNA.
Ubiquitination-dependent cofactor exchange on LIM homeodomain transcription factors.
Overview of the alliance for cellular signaling.
Three-dimensional structure of the neuronal-Sec1syntaxin 1a complex.
Rainfall and drought in equatorial east Africa during the past 1,100 years.
Learning of action through adaptive combination of motor primitives.
Development of a preventive vaccine for Ebola virus infection in primates.
Decoherence of quantum superpositions through coupling to engineered reservoirs.
Mortality of sea lions along the central California coast linked to a toxic diatom bloom.
Soil pathogens and spatial patterns of seedling mortality in a temperate tree.
Self-directed growth of molecular nanostructures on silicon.
Quantum suppression of superconductivity in ultrathin nanowires.
Isolation of a 250 million-year-old halotolerant bacterium from a primary salt crystal.
Critical role for the p110 phosphoinositide-3-OH kinase in growth and metabolic regulation.
The pathological response to DNA damage does not contribute to p53-mediated tumour suppression.
NMDA receptors mediate calcium accumulation in myelin during chemical ischaemia.
Malaria early warnings based on seasonal climate forecasts from multi-model ensembles.
Novel microbial communities of the Haakon Mosby mud volcano and their role as a methane sink.
Soft equations of state for neutron-star matter ruled out by EXO 0748-676.
An enigmatic long-lasting &ggr;-ray burst not accompanied by a bright supernova.
Endonucleolytic cleavage of eukaryotic mRNAs with stalls in translation elongation.
Multiple rounds of speciation associated with reciprocal gene loss in polyploid yeasts.
Plate-boundary deformation associated with the great SumatraAndaman earthquake.
CD95/CD95 ligand interactions on epithelial cells in host defense to Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Simulation of early 20th century global warming.
Signature of superfluid density in the single-particle excitation spectrum of Bi2Sr2CaCu2O8+ .
Epitopes involved in antibody-mediated protection from Ebola virus.
Modulation of hurricane activity in the Gulf of Mexico by the Madden-Julian oscillation.
Phase evolution in a Kondo-correlated system.
A specificity-enhancing factor for the ClpXP degradation machine.
Direct condensation of carboxylic acids with alcohols catalyzed by hafnium (IV) salts.
Age of Neoproterozoic bilatarian body and trace fossils, White Sea, Russia: Implications for metazoan evolution.
Ubiquitin-activating/conjugating activity of TAFII250, a mediator of activation of gene expression in Drosophila.
Somatic diversification of variable lymphocyte receptors in the agnathan sea lamprey.
Cyclic electron flow around photosystem I is essential for photosynthesis.
Pathology: cancer cells compress intratumour vessels.
Neurosurgery: functional regeneration after laser axotomy.
Regional climate shifts caused by gradual global cooling in the Pliocene epoch.
Aftershocks driven by a high-pressure CO2 source at depth.
A general mechanism for perceptual decision-making in the human brain.
Mrf4 determines skeletal muscle identity in Myf5: Myod double-mutant mice.
Crystal structure of the calcium pump with a bound ATP analogue.
Spatially restricted microRNA directs leaf polarity through ARGONAUTE1.
Low-temperature aqueous-phase methanol dehydrogenation to hydrogen and carbon dioxide.
Topographic diversity of fungal and bacterial communities in human skin.
An electrically pumped polariton laser.
Observation of quantum state collapse and revival due to the single-photon Kerr effect.
Microscopic observation of magnon bound states and their dynamics.
A sub-Mercury-sized exoplanet.
The shaping and functional consequences of the microRNA landscape in breast cancer.
Regulation of mTORC1 by the Rag GTPases is necessary for neonatal autophagy and survival.
Controlling dielectrics with the electric field of light.
Insights into bilaterian evolution from three spiralian genomes.
Clocks on the brain.
Fishing at the cell surface.
Tracking the roots of a killer.
Taking the pulse of the tropical water cycle.
Seeing more clearly: recent advances in understanding retinal circuitry.
Genomics and global health: time for a reappraisal.
Changing partners.
Comment on" Efficient Photochemical Water Splitting by a Chemically Modified n-TiO2"(III).
Oscillatory thermomechanical instability of an ultrathin catalyst.
The SUMO modification pathway is involved in the BRCA1 response to genotoxic stress.
Phylogenetic biome conservatism on a global scale.
Proteome-wide cellular protein concentrations of the human pathogen Leptospira interrogans.
Uplift of the Longmen Shan and Tibetan plateau, and the 2008 Wenchuan (M= 7.9) earthquake.
A highly annotated whole-genome sequence of a Korean individual.
The unfolded protein response signals through high-order assembly of Ire1.
Tyrosine dephosphorylation of H2AX modulates apoptosis and survival decisions.
Light limitation of nutrient-poor lake ecosystems.
Altered circadian rhythms regulate growth vigour in hybrids and allopolyploids.
Emergence of the persistent spin helix in semiconductor quantum wells.
Scale dependence in plant biodiversity.
New ages for the last Australian megafauna: continent-wide extinction about 46,000 years ago.
Spins in the vortices of a high-temperature superconductor.
Magnetohydrodynamic production of relativistic jets.
Caenorhabditis elegans p53: role in apoptosis, meiosis, and stress resistance.
A p53 amino-terminal nuclear export signal inhibited by DNA damage-induced phosphorylation.
The ecology of genetically diverse infections.
Quinones as the redox signal for the arc two-component system of bacteria.
Crystal structure of an initiation factor bound to the 30S ribosomal subunit.
Requirement of borate cross-linking of cell wall rhamnogalacturonan II for Arabidopsis growth.
Wavelength-scalable hollow optical fibres with large photonic bandgaps for CO2 laser transmission.
Direct observation of ligand recognition by T cells.
A stellar relic from the early Milky Way.
A common mechanism of action for three mood-stabilizing drugs.
Species diversity enhances ecosystem functioning through interspecific facilitation.
Racemic amino acids from the ultraviolet photolysis of interstellar ice analogues.
Self-regeneration of a Pd-perovskite catalyst for automotive emissions control.
Prokineticin 2 transmits the behavioural circadian rhythm of the suprachiasmatic nucleus.
Green revolution: a mutant gibberellin-synthesis gene in rice.
An antioxidant function for DMSP and DMS in marine algae.
Astrocyte glypicans 4 and 6 promote formation of excitatory synapses via GluA1 AMPA receptors.
Gain control by layer six in cortical circuits of vision.
Resolving the time when an electron exits a tunnelling barrier.
Deep carbon export from a Southern Ocean iron-fertilized diatom bloom.
Diabetes in numbers.
Proto-genes and de novo gene birth.
Non-classical light generated by quantum-noise-driven cavity optomechanics.
A nuclear Argonaute promotes multigenerational epigenetic inheritance and germline immortality.
Algal genomes reveal evolutionary mosaicism and the fate of nucleomorphs.
Ecological opportunity and sexual selection together predict adaptive radiation.
Half-precessional dynamics of monsoon rainfall near the East African Equator.
A neutron star with a carbon atmosphere in the Cassiopeia A supernova remnant.
Gene regulatory logic of dopamine neuron differentiation.
Direct observation of correlations between individual photon emission events of a microcavity laser.
Genetic analysis of radiation-induced changes in human gene expression.
Rational design of a structural and functional nitric oxide reductase.
No quick switch to low-carbon energy.
Adaptation and the evolution of parasite virulence in a connected world.
Obesity: Causes and control of excess body fat.
Enhancement of the Nernst effect by stripe order in a high-Tc superconductor.
Quantum ratchet with photons.
Identification of a novel human circulating metabolite of tenofovir disoproxil fumarate with LC-MS/MS.
Microfluidic chip-capillary electrophoresis device for the determination of urinary metabolites and proteins.
Nanostructured transition metal oxides as advanced anodes for lithium-ion batteries.
Evolution of jobs-housing spatial relationship in Beijing Metropolitan Area: A job accessibility perspective.
Cdk1: conductor of CENP-A symphony orchestra.
Evaluation of three-dimensional urban expansion: A case study of Yangzhou City, Jiangsu Province, China.
Viral clearance for biopharmaceutical downstream processes.
TAK1 selective inhibition: state of the art and future opportunities.
Choosing the right bioanalytical assay platform (s) to support the PK assessment of protein biotherapeutic programs.
Detection of adsorbed water and hydroxyl on the Moon.
A global view of the lithosphere-asthenosphere boundary.
Sequential regulation of DOCK2 dynamics by two phospholipids during neutrophil chemotaxis.
Fictive reward signals in the anterior cingulate cortex.
The taste of carbonation.
Repetitive readout of a single electronic spin via quantum logic with nuclear spin ancillae.
Carbon capture and sequestration.
Anomalous criticality in the electrical resistivity of La2xSrxCuO4.
Two-quantum 2D FT electronic spectroscopy of biexcitons in GaAs quantum wells.
The role of fingerprints in the coding of tactile information probed with a biomimetic sensor.
A global lab against influenza.
Chronobiology-reducing time.
The message is in the translation.
Patents, secrecy, and DNA.
Fundamentals of treaty-making on climate change.
Networking tips for social scientists and ecologists.
Deep diamond mysteries.
[C] Disappearing stem cells, disappearing science.
The mass-independent ozone isotope effect.
The ribosome in action.
Regulation of flowering time by histone acetylation in Arabidopsis.
A superconducting reversible rectifier that controls the motion of magnetic flux quanta.
Solvent-free electrolytes with aqueous solution-like conductivities.
Distinctive roles of PHAP proteins and prothymosin- in a death regulatory pathway.
Charge-induced reversible strain in a metal.
Conserved role of nanos proteins in germ cell development.
Role of chloroplast protein kinase Stt7 in LHCII phosphorylation and state transition in Chlamydomonas.
Fish exploiting vortices decrease muscle activity.
Contribution of the Patagonia Icefields of South America to sea level rise.
Vibrationally resolved fluorescence excited with submolecular precision.
Recognition of Cognate Transfer RNA by the 30.
Relevant Chemistry.
Levels and the Fecundity of Forest 2 Rising CO.
covering approximately 150 years. It was shown that even under the extreme assumption that the Sun was responsible for all the global warming prior to 1970,  .
Unequal distribution of sugar and starch contents within Japanese.
CREB signaling-timing is everything.
The Cbl family: ubiquitin ligases regulating signaling by tyrosine kinases.
Inhibition of Rac by the GAP activity of centralspindlin is essential for cytokinesis.
Geology of the Caloris basin, Mercury: A view from MESSENGER.
Global sex differences in test score variability..
The formation conditions of chondrules and chondrites.
Superconducting vortices in CeCoIn5: Toward the Pauli-limiting field.
Antigen recognition by variable lymphocyte receptors.
Role of C. elegans TAT-1 protein in maintaining plasma membrane phosphatidylserine asymmetry.
Bond-selective control of a heterogeneously catalyzed reaction.
Supernova shock breakout from a red supergiant.
100% accuracy in automatic face recognition.
Undulatory swimming in sand: subsurface locomotion of the sandfish lizard.
Cell growth and size homeostasis in proliferating animal cells.
Generation of functional ventricular heart muscle from mouse ventricular progenitor cells.
Probing the magnetic field of light at optical frequencies.
The human K-complex represents an isolated cortical down-state.
The formation of warm dense matter: experimental evidence for electronic bond hardening in gold.
Phenology feedbacks on climate change.
The hotter the engine, the better.
Sexual conflict resolved by invasion of a novel sex determiner in Lake Malawi cichlid fishes.
Deep-sea archaea fix and share nitrogen in methane-consuming microbial consortia.
Adaptive immunity maintains occult cancer in an equilibrium state.
Stability of organic carbon in deep soil layers controlled by fresh carbon supply.
TRIM25 RING-finger E3 ubiquitin ligase is essential for RIG-I-mediated antiviral activity.
Human CtIP promotes DNA end resection.
Weighing of biomolecules, single cells and single nanoparticles in fluid.
A reversible wet/dry adhesive inspired by mussels and geckos.
Structural definition of a conserved neutralization epitope on HIV-1 gp120.
The human footprint in the carbon cycle of temperate and boreal forests.
Functional dissection of protein complexes involved in yeast chromosome biology using a genetic interaction map.
PTC124 targets genetic disorders caused by nonsense mutations.
Melanesian blond hair is caused by an amino acid change in TYRP1.
Germ cell migration across Sertoli cell tight junctions.
Australopithecus afarensis scapular ontogeny, function, and the role of climbing in human evolution.
Regional sea-level projection.
The structures of COPI-coated vesicles reveal alternate coatomer conformations and interactions.
Mitochondrial network size scaling in budding yeast.
Depth perception from image defocus in a jumping spider.
Genetic influences on disease remain hidden.
Platelet factor 4 and Duffy antigen required for platelet killing of Plasmodium falciparum.
Drought in Africa caused delayed arrival of European songbirds.
Tree use by koalas in a chemically complex landscape.
Environmental science: Carbon unlocked from soils.
Reinforcement of pre-zygotic isolation and karyotype evolution in Agrodiaetus butterflies.
Simulation of equatorial and high-latitude jets on Jupiter in a deep convection model.
Extreme collisions between planetesimals as the origin of warm dust around a Sun-like star.
Impact origin of sediments at the Opportunity landing site on Mars.
Body doubles.
Compositional maps of Saturn's moon Phoebe from imaging spectroscopy.
An origin in the local Universe for some short -ray bursts.
What are the memory sources of dreaming?.
A sporadic third layer in the ionosphere of Mars.
The highland mangabey Lophocebus kipunji: a new species of African monkey.
Light scattering to determine the relative phase of two Bose-Einstein condensates.
Issues in oocyte donation for stem cell research.
Deer browsing and population viability of a forest understory plant.
Physical limits and design principles for plant and fungal movements.
Comment on" Energetics of Hydrogen Bond Network Rearrangements in Liquid Water".
Extreme reversed sexual dichromatism in a bird without sex role reversal.
Elementary response of olfactory receptor neurons to odorants.
Complete photo-induced breakup of the H2 molecule as a probe of molecular electron correlation.
[C] Cretaceous extinctions: the volcanic hypothesis.
The cellular and physiological mechanism of wing-body scaling in Manduca sexta.
Scenario-building for the Deepwater Horizon oil spill.
From pigs to people: the emergence of a new superbug.
If artemisinin drugs fail, what's plan B?.
Directing light emission from quantum dots.
Response to comments on detection of an infectious retrovirus, XMRV, in blood cells of patients with chronic fatigue syndrome.
Neutrino spectroscopy can probe the dark matter content in the sun.
Iron and the carbon pump.
'Arctic Armageddon'Needs More Science, Less Hype.
Evolutionary analyses of the human genome.
The global impact of HIV/AIDS.
Warm tropical sea surface temperatures in the Late Cretaceous and Eocene epochs.
NO-independent regulatory site on soluble guanylate cyclase.
BDNF controls dopamine D3 receptor expression and triggers behavioural sensitization.
Functional proteins from a random-sequence library.
A mechanism for initiating RNA-dependent RNA polymerization.
Growth processes in teeth distinguish modern humans from Homo erectus and earlier hominins.
Measurement of stellar age from uranium decay.
Mitochondrial function in normal and diabetic -cells.
Dynamics of chronic myeloid leukaemia.
Natural selection on protein-coding genes in the human genome.
Photon blockade in an optical cavity with one trapped atom.
Global hotspots of species richness are not congruent with endemism or threat.
Membranes are more mosaic than fluid.
Controlled microfluidic interfaces.
Stem cell division is regulated by the microRNA pathway.
Neurosphere-derived multipotent precursors promote neuroprotection by an immunomodulatory mechanism.
Structure of an unliganded simian immunodeficiency virus gp120 core.
Aminoglycoside antibiotics induce bacterial biofilm formation.
At the cutting edge.
A low genomic number of recessive lethals in natural populations of bluefin killifish and zebrafish.
Origin and significance of Archean quartzose rocks at Akilia, Greenland.
Looking beneath the surface.
A" greener" synthetic route for fluoroaromatics via copper (II) fluoride.
MADS-Box genes reach maturity.
Shadows cast by retinal blood vessels mapped in primary visual cortex.
Science and the convention on biological diversity.
Broadband biodetection: Holmes on a chip.
The battery: not yet a terminal case.
Photoselective adaptive femtosecond quantum control in the liquid phase.
Self-assembly of mesoscopically ordered chromatic polydiacetylene/silica nanocomposites.
Coexistence of superconductivity and ferromagnetism in the d-band metal ZrZn2.
Export by red blood cells of nitric oxide bioactivity.
Gridlock signalling pathway fashions the first embryonic artery.
Histamine regulates T-cell and antibody responses by differential expression of H1 and H2 receptors.
Evolution of digital organisms at high mutation rates leads to survival of the flattest.
Spin-dependent exciton formation in -conjugated compounds.
How many-particle interactions develop after ultrafast excitation of an electronhole plasma.
Modelling cellular behaviour.
Astrocytes control breathing through pH-dependent release of ATP.
Zebrafish behavioral profiling links drugs to biological targets and rest/wake regulation.
The occurrence and mass distribution of close-in super-Earths, Neptunes, and Jupiters.
Genome-wide reprogramming in the mouse germ line entails the base excision repair pathway.
Piezo1 and Piezo2 are essential components of distinct mechanically activated cation channels.
The role of sulfuric acid in atmospheric nucleation.
The origins of C4 grasslands: integrating evolutionary and ecosystem science.
Cell typespecific loss of BDNF signaling mimics optogenetic control of cocaine reward.
Video-rate molecular imaging in vivo with stimulated Raman scattering.
Permissive secondary mutations enable the evolution of influenza oseltamivir resistance.
Room temperature coherent control of defect spin qubits in silicon carbide.
Structural basis of steroid hormone perception by the receptor kinase BRI1.
Hydrogen bonding at the water surface revealed by isotopic dilution spectroscopy.
Fix the antibiotics pipeline.
Modular and predictable assembly of porous organic molecular crystals.
Two Earth-sized planets orbiting Kepler-20.
Functional regeneration of respiratory pathways after spinal cord injury.
Distinct representations of olfactory information in different cortical centres.
Resolving the evolutionary relationships of molluscs with phylogenomic tools.
14-3-3 proteins act as intracellular receptors for rice Hd3a florigen.
Practical quantum key distribution protocol without monitoring signal disturbance.
Structure of the rabbit ryanodine receptor RyR1 at near-atomic resolution.
Nuclear reprogramming by interphase cytoplasm of two-cell mouse embryos.
Processing properties of ON and OFF pathways for Drosophila motion detection.
Total synthesis and isolation of citrinalin and cyclopiamine congeners.
Regulation of RNA polymerase II activation by histone acetylation in single living cells.
Cohesive forces prevent the rotational breakup of rubble-pile asteroid (29075) 1950 DA.
The genetics of monarch butterfly migration and warning colouration.
Velocity anti-correlation of diametrically opposed galaxy satellites in the low-redshift Universe.
High-fat-diet-mediated dysbiosis promotes intestinal carcinogenesis independently of obesity.
The atom-cavity microscope: Single atoms bound in orbit by single photons.
Regulation of B lymphocyte and macrophage development by graded expression of PU. 1.
Localized Rac activation dynamics visualized in living cells.
Thermal, catalytic, regiospecific functionalization of alkanes.
Inhibition of eukaryotic DNA replication by geminin binding to Cdt1.
CsBi4Te6: A high-performance thermoelectric material for low-temperature applications.
Rapid evolution of a geographic cline in size in an introduced fly.
Soluble adenylyl cyclase as an evolutionarily conserved bicarbonate sensor.
[DOC][DOC] Ancient DNA: do it right or not at all.
Powering an inorganic nanodevice with a biomolecular motor.
Managing forests for climate change mitigation.
Identifying autism loci and genes by tracing recent shared ancestry.
Stable prenucleation calcium carbonate clusters.
Dichotomous dopaminergic control of striatal synaptic plasticity.
Catalytic conversion of biomass to monofunctional hydrocarbons and targeted liquid-fuel classes.
The origin and evolution of religious prosociality.
Adaptive phenotypic plasticity in response to climate change in a wild bird population.
Multipartite entanglement among single spins in diamond.
Video-rate far-field optical nanoscopy dissects synaptic vesicle movement.
A test of climate, sun, and culture relationships from an 1810-year Chinese cave record.
Endoplasmic reticulum stress links obesity, insulin action, and type 2 diabetes.
Nuclear export of microRNA precursors.
Neutrophil extracellular traps kill bacteria.
Stress-dependent regulation of FOXO transcription factors by the SIRT1 deacetylase.
Separate neural systems value immediate and delayed monetary rewards.
Argonaute2 is the catalytic engine of mammalian RNAi.
Transparent, conductive carbon nanotube films.
Water-assisted highly efficient synthesis of impurity-free single-walled carbon nanotubes.
Formation of hollow nanocrystals through the nanoscale Kirkendall effect.
Anterior cingulate conflict monitoring and adjustments in control.
I-Love-Q: Unexpected universal relations for neutron stars and quark stars.
Compartmentalization of GABAergic inhibition by dendritic spines.
Conserved regulation of cardiac calcium uptake by peptides encoded in small open reading frames.
DNA gridiron nanostructures based on four-arm junctions.
Monitoring drug target engagement in cells and tissues using the cellular thermal shift assay.
Hurdles and opportunities for landscape-scale restoration.
Observing the dynamics of dipole-mediated energy transport by interaction-enhanced imaging.
Changing social norm compliance with noninvasive brain stimulation.
Managing forests and fire in changing climates.
Genetic determinants and cellular constraints in noisy gene expression.
Strong quantum-confined Stark effect in germanium quantum-well structures on silicon.
Quantum computing with realistically noisy devices.
Plasma membrane phosphoinositide organization by protein electrostatics.
Contact force measurements and stress-induced anisotropy in granular materials.
Spatial quantum noise interferometry in expanding ultracold atom clouds.
Phyllosilicates on Mars and implications for early Martian climate.
Direct observation of base-pair stepping by RNA polymerase.
Genome-wide analysis of human kinases in clathrin-and caveolae/raft-mediated endocytosis.
In vivo imaging of specialized bone marrow endothelial microdomains for tumour engraftment.
Quantum interference during high-order harmonic generation from aligned molecules.
Effects of household dynamics on resource consumption and biodiversity.
From words to literature in structural proteomics.
A subfemtotesla multichannel atomic magnetometer.
A nucleosomal function for IB kinase- in NF-B-dependent gene expression.
Essential role for the peroxiredoxin Prdx1 in erythrocyte antioxidant defence and tumour suppression.
The evolutionary origin of complex features.
An atypical haem in the cytochrome b6f complex.
Basal body dysfunction is a likely cause of pleiotropic BardetBiedl syndrome.
Altered thymic T-cell selection due to a mutation of the ZAP-70 gene causes autoimmune arthritis in mice.
An electronic MachZehnder interferometer.
Stability of ferropericlase in the lower mantle.
Oxygen isotopes and emerald trade routes since antiquity.
Rippling instability of a collapsing bubble.
Emergence of genetic instability in children treated for leukemia.
Malaysian researchers trace Nipah virus outbreak to bats.
Cold numbers unmake the quantum mind.
Hepatitis C virus, the E2 envelope protein, and -interferon resistance.
Computers aid vaccine design.
Rival genome sequencers celebrate a milestone together.
Middle Miocene hominoid origins.
Efficient hybrid solar cells based on meso-superstructured organometal halide perovskites.
A programmable dual-RNAguided DNA endonuclease in adaptive bacterial immunity.
Signatures of Majorana fermions in hybrid superconductor-semiconductor nanowire devices.
Laser scribing of high-performance and flexible graphene-based electrochemical capacitors.
Field-effect tunneling transistor based on vertical graphene heterostructures.
Airborne transmission of influenza A/H5N1 virus between ferrets.
Interactions between the microbiota and the immune system.
Evolution and functional impact of rare coding variation from deep sequencing of human exomes.
Photoacoustic tomography: in vivo imaging from organelles to organs.
Functional supramolecular polymers.
Amyloid-binding compounds maintain protein homeostasis during ageing and extend lifespan.
Conformational changes in the G protein Gs induced by the [bgr] 2 adrenergic receptor.
Structure-based design of non-natural amino-acid inhibitors of amyloid fibril formation.
Antibiotic overuse: stop the killing of beneficial bacteria.
Microwave quantum logic gates for trapped ions.
Structural insight into brassinosteroid perception by BRI1.
HIV-1 adaptation to NK-cell-mediated immune pressure.
Hedgehog/Wnt feedback supports regenerative proliferation of epithelial stem cells in bladder.
Variation in genome-wide mutation rates within and between human families.
Oxygen sensing in plants is mediated by an N-end rule pathway for protein destabilization.
Conformational diversity in a yeast prion dictates its seeding specificity.
The dark side of aerosols.
Bone-marrow transplantation: Failure to correct murine muscular dystrophy.
Characterization of extrasolar terrestrial planets from diurnal photometric variability.
Light work with water.
A watery arms race.
Swollen liquid-crystalline lamellar phase based on extended solid-like sheets.
Membrane protein diffusion sets the speed of rod phototransduction.
Endosymbiotic sulphate-reducing and sulphide-oxidizing bacteria in an oligochaete worm.
The Ph1 locus is needed to ensure specific somatic and meiotic centromere association.
Sphingosine-1-phosphate mobilizes osteoclast precursors and regulates bone homeostasis.
Torque generation and elastic power transmission in the rotary FOF1-ATPase.
A role for Lin28 in primordial germ-cell development and germ-cell malignancy.
Controlling photonic structures using optical forces.
Nanomechanical measurements of a superconducting qubit.
An RNA-dependent RNA polymerase formed by TERT and the RMRP RNA.
WSTF regulates the H2A. X DNA damage response via a novel tyrosine kinase activity.
The life of diatoms in the world's oceans.
Competition between the pseudogap and superconductivity in the high-Tc copper oxides.
Denitrification as the dominant nitrogen loss process in the Arabian Sea.
Onset of Mediterranean outflow into the North Atlantic.
Eavesdropping on ecosystems.
Quantum systems under control.
Ultrafast optical control by few photons in engineered fiber.
Dialogue between skin microbiota and immunity.
A bump-and-hole approach to engineer controlled selectivity of BET bromodomain chemical probes.
The value of valuing nature.
Multidecadal warming of Antarctic waters.
Therapeutic Cloning Reaches Milestone.
'Right to Try'laws bypass FDA for last-ditch treatments.
Chd1 regulates open chromatin and pluripotency of embryonic stem cells.
Structure of the connexin 26 gap junction channel at 3.5  resolution.
Activation of CaMKII in single dendritic spines during long-term potentiation.
Cooperation between non-kin in animal societies.
Multimodal techniques for diagnosis and prognosis of Alzheimer's disease.
Targeting the ubiquitin system in cancer therapy.
The logic of chromatin architecture and remodelling at promoters.
Defining mechanisms that regulate RNA polymerase II transcription in vivo.
Initial community evenness favours functionality under selective stress.
Cohesins form chromosomal cis-interactions at the developmentally regulated IFNG locus.
The core structure of basal dislocations in deformed sapphire (-Al2O3).
Semiconductors inspire new sequencing technologies.
Fullerenes and cosmic carbon.
China's innovation landscape.
Biodiversity is our life.
To scientists' dismay, mixed-up cell lines strike again.
Closing loopholes: getting illegal fishing under control.
Response to Comments on Single-Crystal X-ray Structure of 1, 3-Dimethylcyclobutadiene by Confinement in a Crystalline Matrix.
Of two minds about Toba's impact.
AIDS as a zoonosis: scientific and public health implications.
Immune inhibitory receptors.
A kingdom-level phylogeny of eukaryotes based on combined protein data.
DNA damage-induced activation of p53 by the checkpoint kinase Chk2.
The global carbon cycle: a test of our knowledge of earth as a system.
Invasive plants versus their new and old neighbors: a mechanism for exotic invasion.
Crossed nanotube junctions.
Whither the future of controlling quantum phenomena?.
Suppression of rain and snow by urban and industrial air pollution.
Treatment of murine colitis by Lactococcus lactis secreting interleukin-10.
Biogeography: The coelacanth of frogs.
A structure for deoxyribose nucleic acid. 1953..
Outer planets: Origins of atmospheric zonal winds.
Photonic technologies.
Health research: Tapping the power of small institutions.
Stem-cell research.
Evolutionary biology (communication arising): Why do birds engage in extra-pair copulation?.
Planetary science: Mission to Earth's corea modest proposal.
Archaeology: The coast road.
Evolutionary biology: genes to make new species.
Managing the effect of hematocrit on DBS analysis in a regulated environment.
Mesenchymal stem cells in drug/gene delivery: implications for cell therapy.
Recent advances in metabolomics in oncology.
Recent advances in metabolite identification and quantitative bioanalysis by LC-Q-TOF MS.
HDAC inhibitors for the treatment of cutaneous T-cell lymphomas.
2012 White Paper on recent issues in bioanalysis and alignment of multiple guidelines.
The use of selected reaction monitoring in quantitative proteomics.
Replacing immunoassays with tryptic digestion-peptide immunoaffinity enrichment and LC-MS/MS.
Quantitative analysis in magnetic resonance spectroscopy: from metabolic profiling to in vivo biomarkers.
Delivery and biodistribution of siRNA for cancer therapy: challenges and future prospects.
A role for casein kinase 2 in the Drosophila circadian clock.
A blue-light-activated adenylyl cyclase mediates photoavoidance in Euglena gracilis.
N-CoR controls differentiation of neural stem cells into astrocytes.
Leftright development: Conserved function for embryonic nodal cilia.
Crumbs, the Drosophila homologue of human CRB1/RP12, is essential for photoreceptor morphogenesis.
Efp targets 14-3-3 for proteolysis and promotes breast tumour growth.
Solar system: Self-shielding in the solar nebula.
Self-recognition promotes the foreign antigen sensitivity of naive T lymphocytes.
Apoptosis disables CD31-mediated cell detachment from phagocytes promoting binding and engulfment.
Testing the thermodynamic approach to granular matter with a numerical model of a decisive experiment.
Heterodimeric GTPase core of the SRP targeting complex.
MSX1 cooperates with histone H1b for inhibition of transcription and myogenesis.
Coherent atomic motions in a nanostructure studied by femtosecond x-ray diffraction.
Discovery of ancient silicate stardust in a meteorite.
Microbial factor-mediated development in a host-bacterial mutualism.
Is language the key to human intelligence?.
Human prion protein with valine 129 prevents expression of variant CJD phenotype.
Crosstalk between the EGFR and LIN-12/Notch pathways in C. elegans vulval development.
Dynamic interaction of stargazin-like TARPs with cycling AMPA receptors at synapses.
Introductory science and mathematics education for 21st-century biologists.
-Synuclein locus triplication causes Parkinson's disease.
The struggle to govern the commons.
Role of adaptor TRIF in the MyD88-independent toll-like receptor signaling pathway.
Characterization of a novel coronavirus associated with severe acute respiratory syndrome.
Climate change, human impacts, and the resilience of coral reefs.
Does rejection hurt? An fMRI study of social exclusion.
The neural basis of economic decision-making in the ultimatum game.
A protein interaction map of Drosophila melanogaster.
The genome sequence of the SARS-associated coronavirus.
Toll pathway-dependent blockade of CD4+ CD25+ T cell-mediated suppression by dendritic cells.
An electronic bus bar lies in the core of cytochrome bc1.
Sequential checkpoints govern substrate selection during cotranslational protein targeting.
What is epigenetics?.
Evidence for young volcanism on Mercury from the third MESSENGER flyby.
Retromer is required for apoptotic cell clearance by phagocytic receptor recycling.
Evidence of Supersolidity in Rotating Solid Helium.
Onset of convective rainfall during gradual late Miocene rise of the central Andes.
Editorial expression of concern.
Single-crystal X-ray structure of 1, 3-dimethylcyclobutadiene by confinement in a crystalline matrix.
Few inputs can reprogram biological networks.
Transcriptomic analysis of avian digits reveals conserved and derived digit identities in birds.
Modernization: One step at a time.
The auroral footprint of Enceladus on Saturn.
X-ray illumination of the ejecta of supernova 1987A.
Target the fence-sitters.
Seismic tremors and magma wagging during explosive volcanism.
Animal models: inside the minds of mice and men.
Saccharomyces cerevisiae THI4p is a suicide thiamine thiazole synthase.
Complex networks: Degrees of control.
Myelin-associated glycoprotein as a functional ligand for the Nogo-66 receptor.
An efficient two-photon-generated photoacid applied to positive-tone 3D microfabrication.
The cause of decreased pan evaporation over the past 50 years.
Murine leukemia induced by retroviral gene marking.
Balancing life-style and genomics research for disease prevention.
Signal transduction and the control of gene expression.
Helicobacter pylori SabA adhesin in persistent infection and chronic inflammation.
Signaling pathways for PC12 cell differentiation: making the right connections.
Local actin polymerization and dynamin recruitment in SV40-induced internalization of caveolae.
Contribution of human -defensin 1, 2, and 3 to the anti-HIV-1 activity of CD8 antiviral factor.
Antioxidants in photosynthesis and human nutrition.
Evidence for nuclear emissions during acoustic cavitation.
Emerging roles of ubiquitin in transcription regulation.
Role of melanopsin in circadian responses to light.
Comparative genome sequencing for discovery of novel polymorphisms in Bacillus anthracis.
Nanocubes and nanoboxes.
Anterior cingulate: single neuronal signals related to degree of reward expectancy.
Stability in real food webs: weak links in long loops.
Targeting of cyclic AMP degradation to 2-adrenergic receptors by -arrestins.
Abnormal vascular function and hypertension in mice deficient in estrogen receptor .
Ionic colloidal crystals of oppositely charged particles.
Evasion of intracellular host defence by hepatitis C virus.
An optical lattice clock.
Regulation of HP1chromatin binding by histone H3 methylation and phosphorylation.
Ferroelectricity from iron valence ordering in the charge-frustrated system LuFe2O4.
Recruitment of entomopathogenic nematodes by insect-damaged maize roots.
The abundances of constituents of Titan's atmosphere from the GCMS instrument on the Huygens probe.
Asymmetric cell divisions promote stratification and differentiation of mammalian skin.
Verification of the Crooks fluctuation theorem and recovery of RNA folding free energies.
Melanopsin-expressing ganglion cells in primate retina signal colour and irradiance and project to the LGN.
Synaptic dysregulation in a human iPS cell model of mental disorders.
A close-pair binary in a distant triple supermassive black hole system.
Plate tectonics, damage and inheritance.
Constitutional and somatic rearrangement of chromosome 21 in acute lymphoblastic leukaemia.
Storm-induced sea-ice breakup and the implications for ice extent.
Structural basis for lipopolysaccharide insertion in the bacterial outer membrane.
Observation of topological transitions in interacting quantum circuits.
Future increases in Arctic precipitation linked to local evaporation and sea-ice retreat.
Structural insight into cap-snatching and RNA synthesis by influenza polymerase.
Limited impact on decadal-scale climate change from increased use of natural gas.
Crystal structures of a multidrug transporter reveal a functionally rotating mechanism.
Endogenous neurosteroids regulate GABAA receptors through two discrete transmembrane sites.
Transient radio bursts from rotating neutron stars.
Subtropical Arctic Ocean temperatures during the Palaeocene/Eocene thermal maximum.
Sympatric speciation in palms on an oceanic island.
Inactivation of the p53 pathway in retinoblastoma.
Palaeo-altimetry of the late Eocene to Miocene Lunpola basin, central Tibet.
Flushing submarine canyons.
Gut hormones and the regulation of energy homeostasis.
A second class of chemosensory receptors in the olfactory epithelium.
ENSO drove 2500-year collapse of eastern Pacific coral reefs.
Aerial photographs reveal late20th-century dynamic ice loss in northwestern Greenland.
Sulfate burial constraints on the Phanerozoic sulfur cycle.
A DOC2 protein identified by mutational profiling is essential for apicomplexan parasite exocytosis.
Don't look back in anger! Responsiveness to missed chances in successful and nonsuccessful aging.
An ancient core dynamo in asteroid Vesta.
Out of the tropics: the Pacific, Great Basin Lakes, and Late Pleistocene water cycle in the western United States.
Extrachromosomal microDNAs and chromosomal microdeletions in normal tissues.
Growing microtubules push the oocyte nucleus to polarize the Drosophila dorsal-ventral axis.
Comment on A common pesticide decreases foraging success and survival in honey bees.
Stem-cell research: crunch time for Korea's cloners.
Biodiversity: a tragedy with many players.
Save the children.
Molecular hydrogen beyond the optical edge of an isolated spiral galaxy.
Neurobiology: sleep on it.
Long-lasting sensitization to a given colour after visual search.
Emissions trading: the carbon game.
Cultural reflections.
Warming the world.
The effects of Cenozoic global change on squirrel phylogeny.
Drosophila BLM in double-strand break repair by synthesis-dependent strand annealing.
Translation of polarity cues into asymmetric spindle positioning in Caenorhabditis elegans embryos.
Subkelvin cooling NO molecules via" billiard-like" collisions with argon.
Loss of an MDR transporter in compact stalks of maize br2 and sorghum dw3 mutants.
5-HT4 (a) receptors avert opioid-induced breathing depression without loss of analgesia.
Long-distance free-space distribution of quantum entanglement.
Phase change and the regulation of developmental timing in plants.
Grand challenges in global health.
Senescence in a bacterium with asymmetric division.
Cashing in palm oil for conservation.
An ARF-GEF acting at the Golgi and in selective endocytosis in polarized plant cells.
Adaptive immunity: care for the community.
Backtracking determines the force sensitivity of RNAP II in a factor-dependent manner.
The von Neumann relation generalized to coarsening of three-dimensional microstructures.
Deposition of metal films on an ionic liquid as a basis for a lunar telescope.
Increased subaerial volcanism and the rise of atmospheric oxygen 2.5 billion years ago.
p15Ink4b is a critical tumour suppressor in the absence of p16Ink4a.
JHDM1B/FBXL10 is a nucleolar protein that represses transcription of ribosomal RNA genes.
Pulsar spins from an instability in the accretion shock of supernovae.
Phosphatidylserine-dependent engulfment by macrophages of nuclei from erythroid precursor cells.
Paths to understanding the genetic basis of autoimmune disease.
Release of volatiles from a possible cryovolcano from near-infrared imaging of Titan.
Crystal structure of a junction between B-DNA and Z-DNA reveals two extruded bases.
Experimental measurement of the photonic properties of icosahedral quasicrystals.
Calcium triggers exit from meiosis II by targeting the APC/C inhibitor XErp1 for degradation.
Coherent signal amplification in bistable nanomechanical oscillators by stochastic resonance.
Active out-of-sequence thrust faulting in the central Nepalese Himalaya.
Impacts of orbital forcing and atmospheric carbon dioxide on Miocene ice-sheet expansion.
Pharmaceuticals: a new grammar for drug discovery.
16-month-olds rationally infer causes of failed actions.
Complex multicolor tilings and critical phenomena in tetraphilic liquid crystals.
Marine biodiversity and gene patents.
An electronic second skin.
Solvated Electrons in High-Temperature Melts and Glasses of the Room-Temperature Stable Electride [Ca24Al28O64] 4+ 4e.
Taking a new shot at a TB vaccine.
Galaxy Zoo volunteers share pain and glory of research.
A natural deletion of the HoxC cluster in elasmobranch fishes.
Better science needed for restoration in the Gulf of Mexico.
Floral acoustics: conspicuous echoes of a dish-shaped leaf attract bat pollinators.
HCN ice in Titan/'s high-altitude southern polar cloud.
Tyrosine phosphorylation of histone H2A by CK2 regulates transcriptional elongation.
Structure of an Rrp6-RNA exosome complex bound to poly (A) RNA.
Bioinformatics: big data versus the big C.
[bgr]-catenin mediates stress resilience through Dicer1/microRNA regulation.
Regulatory analysis of the C. elegans genome with spatiotemporal resolution.
Towards a therapy for Angelman syndrome by targeting a long non-coding RNA.
First cranial remains of a gondwanatherian mammal reveal remarkable mosaicism.
Modality-specific thalamocortical inputs instruct the identity of postsynaptic L4 neurons.
Stem cells: The promises and perils of p53.
Design of protein-interaction specificity gives selective bZIP-binding peptides.
Dynamic activation of an allosteric regulatory protein.
Over half of the far-infrared background light comes from galaxies at z 1.2.
Cooperative binding of two acetylation marks on a histone tail by a single bromodomain.
Mechanism of differential control of NMDA receptor activity by NR2 subunits.
Type II fatty acid synthesis is not a suitable antibiotic target for Gram-positive pathogens.
Seismic evidence for overpressured subducted oceanic crust and megathrust fault sealing.
DNA demethylation in hormone-induced transcriptional derepression.
Injury-induced mechanical hypersensitivity requires C-low threshold mechanoreceptors.
New pieces for the marine sulfur cycle jigsaw.
Mouse studies question importance of Toll-like receptors to vaccines.
" X"-rated chromosomal rendezvous.
Modelling conservation in the Amazon basin.
Protein delivery into eukaryotic cells by type III secretion machines.
Stem-cell ageing modified by the cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor p16INK4a.
Dependence of single-molecule junction conductance on molecular conformation.
Direct electronic measurement of the spin Hall effect.
A PHD finger of NURF couples histone H3 lysine 4 trimethylation with chromatin remodelling.
Blockade of Dll4 inhibits tumour growth by promoting non-productive angiogenesis.
Orai1 is an essential pore subunit of the CRAC channel.
hERG potassium channels and cardiac arrhythmia.
Notch signalling regulates stem cell numbers in vitro and in vivo.
Structural basis for the modular recognition of single-stranded RNA by PPR proteins.
Deterministic quantum teleportation of photonic quantum bits by a hybrid technique.
Heat dissipation in atomic-scale junctions.
Bright radio emission from an ultraluminous stellar-mass microquasar in M 31.
Critical role of Trib1 in differentiation of tissue-resident M2-like macrophages.
A regenerative approach to the treatment of multiple sclerosis.
Classical command of quantum systems.
EndMT contributes to the onset and progression of cerebral cavernous malformations.
Directional tissue migration through a self-generated chemokine gradient.
Manipulation of small Rho GTPases is a pathogen-induced process detected by NOD1.
A molecular MoS2 edge site mimic for catalytic hydrogen generation.
Room-temperature quantum bit memory exceeding one second.
Revealing the superfluid lambda transition in the universal thermodynamics of a unitary Fermi gas.
Probing the ultimate limits of plasmonic enhancement.
Direction-specific interactions control crystal growth by oriented attachment.
The protein-folding problem, 50 years on.
Structural basis for allosteric regulation of GPCRs by sodium ions.
Genome sequencing identifies a basis for everolimus sensitivity.
The application of ecological theory toward an understanding of the human microbiome.
Predictive self-assembly of polyhedra into complex structures.
Time to rethink the NIH.
Lifestyle: when allergies go west.
Africa needs climate data to fight disease.
[DOC][DOC] Drought-tolerant maize gets US debut.
WHO needs change.
Immunology: Peptide gets in shape for self-defence.
Graduate students: Aspirations and anxieties.
Perspective: miles to go before we sleep.
Molecular physics: Matter-wave interference made clear.
Challenges to the future conservation of the Antarctic.
Monitoring volcanoes.
Developmental pattern formation: insights from physics and biology.
The heartbeat of ecosystems.
Uncertain Verdict as Vitamin D Goes On TrialScience Sept 2012.
A three-stage symbiosis forms the foundation of seagrass ecosystems.
Niche and neutral effects of acquired immunity permit coexistence of pneumococcal serotypes.
Langerhans cells facilitate epithelial DNA damage and squamous cell carcinoma.
Direct observation of cotranscriptional folding in an adenine riboswitch.
Response to comments on Productivity is a poor predictor of plant species richness.
Neutron-mapping polymer flow: Scattering, flow visualization, and molecular theory.
Pinatubo, diffuse light, and the carbon cycle.
Optical imaging of a tactile illusion in area 3b of the primary somatosensory cortex.
A low number wins the GeneSweep pool.
Suppressing roughness of virtual times in parallel discrete-event simulations.
Estimating the rock volume bias in paleobiodiversity studies.
A clinical view of the obesity problem.
Crystal structure of the carboxyltransferase domain of acetyl-coenzyme A carboxylase.
Mutations in RNAi rescue aberrant chemotaxis of ADAR mutants.
The SARS coronavirus: a postgenomic era.
[C] Cellular distribution of nonionic micelles.
Is Bedout an impact crater? Take 2.
The neural basis of altruistic punishment.
Asia and Africa: on different trajectories?.
Imprinting--a Green Variation.
Genomic databases and the tree of life.
Polio: The final assault?.
Making sense of Tourette's.
Response to Comment on" Bedout: A Possible End-Permian Impact Crater Offshore of Northwestern Australia".
Redox heterogeneity in mid-ocean ridge basalts as a function of mantle source.
Technical comment on the placental mammal ancestor and the postk-pg radiation of placentals.
Regular patterns in frictional resistance of ice-stream beds seen by surface data inversion.
Neuroendocrine control of Drosophila larval light preference.
Decameric SelA tRNASec ring structure reveals mechanism of bacterial selenocysteine formation.
Causes of the Cambrian Explosion..
Chiral Symmetry Breaking in Superfluid 3He-A.
Observations of ejecta clouds produced by impacts onto Saturn's rings.
Comment on An update of Wallace's zoogeographic regions of the world.
A semi-floating gate transistor for low-voltage ultrafast memory and sensing operation.
Break-up of stepped platinum catalyst surfaces by high CO coverage.
Mechanism and kinetics of spontaneous nanotube growth driven by screw dislocations.
The mechanism for activation of GTP hydrolysis on the ribosome.
Weight loss with magnesium alloys.
The landscape of C. elegans 3 UTRs.
Stretching dielectric elastomer performance.
That was then but this is now: malaria research in the time of an eradication agenda.
Signaling kinase AMPK activates stress-promoted transcription via histone H2B phosphorylation.
Propane respiration jump-starts microbial response to a deep oil spill.
Molecular basis of alternating access membrane transport by the sodium-hydantoin transporter Mhp1.
Cracking Brazil's forest code.
A genetic atlas of human admixture history.
Oxytocin-mediated GABA inhibition during delivery attenuates autism pathogenesis in rodent offspring.
Identification of a plant receptor for extracellular ATP.
Inequality in the long run.
An Earth-sized planet in the habitable zone of a cool star.
The cellular and molecular origin of tumor-associated macrophages.
Defining and detecting quantum speedup.
Innate immune activity conditions the effect of regulatory variants upon monocyte gene expression.
Cell surface ABP1-TMK auxin-sensing complex activates ROP GTPase signaling.
Supramolecular assembly of amelogenin nanospheres into birefringent microribbons.
Structure of PTB bound to RNA: specific binding and implications for splicing regulation.
Insurance in a climate of change.
Two abundant bioaccumulated halogenated compounds are natural products.
Genotypic diversity within a natural coastal bacterioplankton population.
Fungal pathogen reduces potential for malaria transmission.
The functional genomics of noncoding RNA.
Hf-W chronometry of lunar metals and the age and early differentiation of the Moon.
Species loss and aboveground carbon storage in a tropical forest.
Amplification of surface temperature trends and variability in the tropical atmosphere.
BMP gradients: A paradigm for morphogen-mediated developmental patterning.
Alternative lengthening of telomeres renders cancer cells hypersensitive to ATR inhibitors.
Aqueous formation and manipulation of the iron-oxo Keggin ion.
Japanese neutrino physicists think really big.
NIH research: Think globally.
Genomic evidence for the Pleistocene and recent population history of Native Americans.
The weakening summer circulation in the Northern Hemisphere mid-latitudes.
Adoptive cell transfer as personalized immunotherapy for human cancer.
Function-led design of new porous materials.
Transport of solar wind into Earth's magnetosphere through rolled-up KelvinHelmholtz vortices.
A primitive Y chromosome in papaya marks incipient sex chromosome evolution.
Electrical detection of the spin resonance of a single electron in a silicon field-effect transistor.
Structural determinants for generating centromeric chromatin.
The building blocks of planets within the 'terrestrial'region of protoplanetary disks.
Friction falls towards zero in quartz rock as slip velocity approaches seismic rates.
Foxa2 regulates lipid metabolism and ketogenesis in the liver during fasting and in diabetes.
Hydrogenation and cleavage of dinitrogen to ammonia with a zirconium complex.
Atomic-scale imaging of nanoengineered oxygen vacancy profiles in SrTiO3.
Expression and function of orphan nuclear receptor TLX in adult neural stem cells.
Structural basis for sequence-specific recognition of DNA by TAL effectors.
Relaxation and prethermalization in an isolated quantum system.
Interactions between commensal fungi and the C-type lectin receptor Dectin-1 influence colitis.
The ancient drug salicylate directly activates AMP-activated protein kinase.
Binary interaction dominates the evolution of massive stars.
An overlapping protein-coding region in influenza A virus segment 3 modulates the host response.
A large-scale model of the functioning brain.
Transcriptional architecture and chromatin landscape of the core circadian clock in mammals.
Bistability in atomic-scale antiferromagnets.
The crystal structure of TAL effector PthXo1 bound to its DNA target.
Modalities, modes, and models in functional neuroimaging.
Trifurcate feed-forward regulation of age-dependent cell death involving miR164 in Arabidopsis.
Effects of genetic perturbation on seasonal life history plasticity.
The hallucinogen N, N-dimethyltryptamine (DMT) is an endogenous sigma-1 receptor regulator.
Discovery of swine as a host for the Reston ebolavirus.
Fundamental evolutionary limits in ecological traits drive Drosophila species distributions.
Underplating in the Himalaya-Tibet collision zone revealed by the Hi-CLIMB experiment.
Structural basis of immune evasion at the site of CD4 attachment on HIV-1 gp120.
Modulated high-energy gamma-ray emission from the microquasar Cygnus X-3.
Blue or red? Exploring the effect of color on cognitive task performances.
Rare variants of IFIH1, a gene implicated in antiviral responses, protect against type 1 diabetes.
Drought sensitivity of the Amazon rainforest.
Evidence for ecological speciation and its alternative.
Antibody recognition of a highly conserved influenza virus epitope.
A functional role for adult hippocampal neurogenesis in spatial pattern separation.
Switchable ferroelectric diode and photovoltaic effect in BiFeO3.
Glioma-derived mutations in IDH1 dominantly inhibit IDH1 catalytic activity and induce HIF-1.
Skyrmion lattice in a chiral magnet.
Photodegradable hydrogels for dynamic tuning of physical and chemical properties.
Controlling eutrophication: nitrogen and phosphorus.
Dissecting neural differentiation regulatory networks through epigenetic footprinting.
Notum deacylates Wnt proteins to suppress signalling activity.
Long-term decline of the Amazon carbon sink.
Predicting climate-driven regime shifts versus rebound potential in coral reefs.
Visible-frequency hyperbolic metasurface.
Plio-Pleistocene climate sensitivity evaluated using high-resolution CO2 records.
Emotional learning selectively and retroactively strengthens memories for related events.
Global separation of plant transpiration from groundwater and streamflow.
Typhoons: Storm-surge models helped for Hagupit.
Polarity-Switching Top Coats Enable Orientation of Sub10-nm Block Copolymer Domains.
A quantum delayed-choice experiment.
Elastic domains regulate growth and organogenesis in the plant shoot apical meristem.
A global pattern of thermal adaptation in marine phytoplankton.
Genomic variation in seven Khoe-San groups reveals adaptation and complex African history.
SNARE proteins: one to fuse and three to keep the nascent fusion pore open.
Tuning of natural killer cell reactivity by NKp46 and Helios calibrates T cell responses.
Widespread genetic switches and toxicity resistance proteins for fluoride.
Dense chromatin activates Polycomb repressive complex 2 to regulate H3 lysine 27 methylation.
The multielectron ionization dynamics underlying attosecond strong-field spectroscopies.
X-ray structure of a tetranucleosome and its implications for the chromatin fibre.
Adaptive evolution of non-coding DNA in Drosophila.
Cellular APOBEC3G restricts HIV-1 infection in resting CD4&plus; T cells.
In vivo analysis of quiescent adult neural stem cells responding to Sonic hedgehog.
Chaotic capture of Jupiter's Trojan asteroids in the early Solar System.
Pathophysiological consequences of VEGF-induced vascular permeability.
Cellular and genetic mechanisms of self tolerance and autoimmunity.
Ultrafast non-thermal control of magnetization by instantaneous photomagnetic pulses.
Structural basis for 5-end-specific recognition of guide RNA by the A. fulgidus Piwi protein.
Different time courses of learning-related activity in the prefrontal cortex and striatum.
A rapid evaluation method of the heat removed by a VCS before rise-to-power tests.
A Modified Secure Scheme of Quantum Key Distribution Without Public Announcement Bases.
Shrub communities and environmental variables responsible for species distribution patterns in an alpine zone of the Qilian Mountains, northwest China.
Fuzzy Association Rule Mining.
Numerical and experimental investigation on the performance of lean burn catalytic combustion for gas turbine application.
Changes in streamflow regime due to anthropogenic regulations in the humid tropical Western Ghats, Kerala State, India.
Regimes of runoff components on the debris-covered Koxkar glacier in western China.
Automatic Detection of the End-Diastolic and End-Systolic from 4D Echocardiographic Images.
Energy balance-based SWAT model to simulate the mountain snowmelt and runofftaking the application in Juntanghu watershed (China) as an example.
Involvement of chemokine receptors in breast cancer metastasis.
Experimental long-lived entanglement of two macroscopic objects.
Gene silencing as an adaptive defence against viruses.
Immune recognition: a new receptor for -glucans.
Metastasis suppressor gene KiSS-1 encodes peptide ligand of a G-protein-coupled receptor.
Himalayan tectonics explained by extrusion of a low-viscosity crustal channel coupled to focused surface denudation.
Erythropoietin-mediated neuroprotection involves cross-talk between Jak2 and NF-B signalling cascades.
Skewed maturation of memory HIV-specific CD8 T lymphocytes.
Innate antimicrobial peptide protects the skin from invasive bacterial infection.
Life in extreme environments.
Giant magnetoresistance in organic spin-valves.
Direct evidence for atomic defects in graphene layers.
Unique astrocyte ribbon in adult human brain contains neural stem cells but lacks chain migration.
Differential activation of the inflammasome by caspase-1 adaptors ASC and Ipaf.
Intrinsic tumour suppression.
All-optical control of light on a silicon chip.
Medical genetics: a marker for StevensJohnson syndrome.
X-ray structure of a protein-conducting channel.
Bacterial disease resistance in Arabidopsis through flagellin perception.
Summing up the noise in gene networks.
A role for Wnt signalling in self-renewal of haematopoietic stem cells.
TRP channels as cellular sensors.
Association of the T-cell regulatory gene CTLA4 with susceptibility to autoimmune disease.
Antibody neutralization and escape by HIV-1.
DNA in a material world.
Sequencing and comparison of yeast species to identify genes and regulatory elements.
A vision for the future of genomics research.
Nicotinic acetylcholine receptor 7 subunit is an essential regulator of inflammation.
Wnt proteins are lipid-modified and can act as stem cell growth factors.
X-ray structure of a voltage-dependent k&plus; channel.
Binding of DCC by netrin-1 to mediate axon guidance independent of adenosine A2B receptor activation.
Total synthesis of ciguatoxin CTX3C.
Trophic conversion of an obligate photoautotrophic organism through metabolic engineering.
Massive expansion of marine archaea during a mid-Cretaceous oceanic anoxic event.
Control of fusion pore dynamics during exocytosis by Munc18.
Biogeography and ecological setting of Indian Ocean hydrothermal vents.
Zebrafish--the canonical vertebrate.
Late Holocene climate and cultural changes in the southwestern United States.
Managing water for people and nature.
Fermi surface nesting and nanoscale fluctuating charge/orbital ordering in colossal magnetoresistive oxides.
Therapeutic antibody targeting of individual Notch receptors.
The dynamic genome of Hydra.
The myeloid cells of the central nervous system parenchyma.
Cell signalling by microRNA165/6 directs gene dose-dependent root cell fate.
Whole-genome resequencing reveals loci under selection during chicken domestication.
Large, rare chromosomal deletions associated with severe early-onset obesity.
Single-cell NF-[kgr] B dynamics reveal digital activation and analogue information processing.
Structure of the amantadine binding site of influenza M2 proton channels in lipid bilayers.
Progesterone induces adult mammary stem cell expansion.
A strong ferroelectric ferromagnet created by means of spin-lattice coupling.
FCHo proteins are nucleators of clathrin-mediated endocytosis.
Development of the spatial representation system in the rat.
Hippocampal short-and long-term plasticity are not modulated by astrocyte Ca2+ signaling.
Rewiring of genetic networks in response to DNA damage.
2-adrenergic receptor redistribution in heart failure changes cAMP compartmentation.
Rainforest aerosols as biogenic nuclei of clouds and precipitation in the Amazon.
Spin transfer torques in MnSi at ultralow current densities.
Orchestration of floral initiation by APETALA1.
BID, BIM, and PUMA are essential for activation of the BAX-and BAK-dependent cell death program.
Cholinergic interneurons control local circuit activity and cocaine conditioning.
Determining the dynamics of entanglement.
Anomalously metal-rich fluids form hydrothermal ore deposits.
Probing the angular momentum character of the valence orbitals of free sodium nanoclusters.
The subtle transmission of race bias via televised nonverbal behavior.
Band formation from coupled quantum dots formed by a nanoporous network on a copper surface.
Fossil plant relative abundances indicate sudden loss of Late Triassic biodiversity in East Greenland.
Foraminiferal isotope evidence of reduced nitrogen fixation in the ice age Atlantic Ocean.
Redefining science education.
Input-specific spine entry of soma-derived Vesl-1S protein conforms to synaptic tagging.
Tyrannosaurid skeletal design first evolved at small body size.
Inhibitory plasticity balances excitation and inhibition in sensory pathways and memory networks.
Sleep and synaptic homeostasis: structural evidence in Drosophila.
Kepler detected gravity-mode period spacings in a red giant star.
Palladium-catalyzed aerobic dehydrogenation of substituted cyclohexanones to phenols.
Climate-forced variability of ocean hypoxia.
The pseudoscience of single-sex schooling.
Twin matter waves for interferometry beyond the classical limit.
Chemoenzymatic synthesis of homogeneous ultralow molecular weight heparins.
Layer-by-layer removal of graphene for device patterning.
Homoplasy: from detecting pattern to determining process and mechanism of evolution.
Immunogenicity of induced pluripotent stem cells.
Controllability of complex networks.
Laser cooling of a nanomechanical oscillator into its quantum ground state.
Grains and grain boundaries in single-layer graphene atomic patchwork quilts.
Structure of a nanobody-stabilized active state of the [bgr] 2 adrenoceptor.
A graphene-based broadband optical modulator.
Femtosecond X-ray protein nanocrystallography.
Somatic coding mutations in human induced pluripotent stem cells.
Sideband cooling of micromechanical motion to the quantum ground state.
Has the Earth/'s sixth mass extinction already arrived?.
A four-base paired genetic helix with expanded size.
Radio emission from an ultraluminous X-ray source.
Evolution of planetary cores and the Earth-Moon system from Nb/Ta systematics.
A quantum laser pointer.
Reactions at interfaces as a source of sulfate formation in sea-salt particles.
DNA damage-induced replication fork regression and processing in Escherichia coli.
Exposed water ice discovered near the south pole of Mars.
Synthesis of inorganic fullerene-like molecules.
All-Metal Antiaromatic Molecule: Rectangular Al44-in the Li3Al4-Anion.
What are the right targets for psychopharmacology.
Reversal of pathological pain through specific spinal GABAA receptor subtypes.
Isolation of an active step I spliceosome and composition of its RNP core.
Volatile content of lunar volcanic glasses and the presence of water in the Moon's interior.
Quantum oscillations in a molecular magnet.
Giant magneto-elastic coupling in multiferroic hexagonal manganites.
Sox18 induces development of the lymphatic vasculature in mice.
Thyrotrophin in the pars tuberalis triggers photoperiodic response.
Oligopotent stem cells are distributed throughout the mammalian ocular surface.
Near-surface wetland sediments as a source of arsenic release to ground water in Asia.
Neural palmitoyl-proteomics reveals dynamic synaptic palmitoylation.
Thymine dimerization in DNA is an ultrafast photoreaction.
A 3-hydroxypropionate/4-hydroxybutyrate autotrophic carbon dioxide assimilation pathway in Archaea.
Rheb activates mTOR by antagonizing its endogenous inhibitor, FKBP38.
An on-demand coherent single-electron source.
Dimensions of mind perception.
Genetically determined differences in learning from errors.
A cytokinin perception mutant colonized by Rhizobium in the absence of nodule organogenesis.
An active subglacial water system in West Antarctica mapped from space.
Amazon forests green-up during 2005 drought.
Crystal structures of human MD-2 and its complex with antiendotoxic lipid IVa.
The gentle touch receptors of mammalian skin.
Antigen modification regulates competition of broad and narrow neutralizing HIV antibodies.
Chasing the money.
Science Misused to Justify Ugandan Antigay Law.
Zero hunger.
Btk29A promotes Wnt4 signaling in the niche to terminate germ cell proliferation in Drosophila.
Demystifying central government R&D spending in China.
Many paths to the origin of life.
Slicing the wheat genome.
Synchronization of North Pacific and Greenland climates preceded abrupt deglacial warming.
Ecoenzymatic stoichiometry of microbial organic nutrient acquisition in soil and sediment.
An epistatic ratchet constrains the direction of glucocorticoid receptor evolution.
CD14 regulates the dendritic cell life cycle after LPS exposure through NFAT activation.
T cells dampen innate immune responses through inhibition of NLRP1 and NLRP3 inflammasomes.
Temperature-dependent thermal diffusivity of the Earth's crust and implications for magmatism.
Structure and mechanism of a bacterial light-regulated cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterase.
Fault zone fabric and fault weakness.
Organic chemistry: Molecular diversity by design.
Observation of ultralong-range Rydberg molecules.
Hippocampal theta oscillations are travelling waves.
Supramolecular self-assembly of lipid derivatives on carbon nanotubes.
Watching a protein as it functions with 150-ps time-resolved X-ray crystallography.
Neuronal activity in the lateral intraparietal area and spatial attention.
Episodic tremor and slip on the Cascadia subduction zone: The chatter of silent slip.
Oceanic forcing of Sahel rainfall on interannual to interdecadal time scales.
Recruitment of HIV and its receptors to dendritic cell-T cell junctions.
A maximum in the strength of nanocrystalline copper.
Hypermutation of HIV-1 DNA in the absence of the Vif protein.
Mono-versus polyubiquitination: differential control of p53 fate by Mdm2.
Dispelling the myths--biocatalysis in industrial synthesis.
Can noncommunicable diseases be prevented? Lessons from studies of populations and individuals.
Water sustainability for China and beyond.
A complete terrestrial radiocarbon record for 11.2 to 52.8 kyr BP.
Natural enemies drive geographic variation in plant defenses.
Ice-sheet response to oceanic forcing.
The cellular basis of GABAB-mediated interhemispheric inhibition.
MORC family ATPases required for heterochromatin condensation and gene silencing.
Circadian rhythm of redox state regulates excitability in suprachiasmatic nucleus neurons.
Disentangling the electronic and phononic glue in a high-Tc superconductor.
Single-molecule lysozyme dynamics monitored by an electronic circuit.
Highly active copper-ceria and copper-ceria-titania catalysts for methanol synthesis from CO2.
Plasticity of epithelial stem cells in tissue regeneration.
Detection of a recurrent DNAJB1-PRKACA chimeric transcript in fibrolamellar hepatocellular carcinoma.
Direct in vivo RNAi screen unveils myosin IIa as a tumor suppressor of squamous cell carcinomas.
Local impermeant anions establish the neuronal chloride concentration.
Reaching the magnetic anisotropy limit of a 3d metal atom.
Nonswellable hydrogel without mechanical hysteresis.
Publication bias in the social sciences: Unlocking the file drawer.
Pregnenolone can protect the brain from cannabis intoxication.
Evolutionarily dynamic alternative splicing of GPR56 regulates regional cerebral cortical patterning.
Lewis acidity of organofluorophosphonium salts: Hydrodefluorination by a saturated acceptor.
Active atmosphere-ecosystem exchange of the vast majority of detected volatile organic compounds.
Continuous permeability measurements record healing inside the Wenchuan earthquake fault zone.
Dual molecular signals mediate the bacterial response to outer-membrane stress.
Root effect hemoglobin may have evolved to enhance general tissue oxygen delivery.
Paths from Pesticides to Parkinson's.
Imaging atomic rearrangements in two-dimensional silica glass: Watching silica's dance.
Allele-specific silencing of mutant Myh6 transcripts in mice suppresses hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
The missing mountain water: slower westerlies decrease orographic enhancement in the Pacific Northwest USA.
Widespread production of extracellular superoxide by heterotrophic bacteria.
Biogeography: a marine Wallace's line?.
Nuclear pore complexes in the organization of silent telomeric chromatin.
Progression of autoimmune diabetes driven by avidity maturation of a T-cell population.
Crystal structure of Rac1 in complex with the guanine nucleotide exchange region of Tiam1.
-Helix structure and ice-binding properties of a hyperactive antifreeze protein from an insect.
Humanized xenobiotic response in mice expressing nuclear receptor SXR.
Filamentous microfossils in a 3,235-million-year-old volcanogenic massive sulphide deposit.
Materials science: C66 fullerene encaging a scandium dimer.
Evolutionary instability of ectomycorrhizal symbioses in basidiomycetes.
Botany: constraints to growth of boreal forests.
The world-wide telescope.
Lack of replicative senescence in normal rodent glia.
Tracking femtosecond laser pulses in space and time.
Switching repulsion to attraction: changing responses to slit during transition in mesoderm migration.
Role of Erv29p in collecting soluble secretory proteins into ER-derived transport vesicles.
Approach to high-resolution ex situ NMR spectroscopy.
Stereotyped position of local synaptic targets in neocortex.
The organic content of the Tagish Lake meteorite.
A paradigm shift in brain research.
Choice behavior of Drosophila facing contradictory visual cues.
Long-term in vivo imaging of experience-dependent synaptic plasticity in adult cortex.
Crystal structure and mechanism of a calcium-gated potassium channel.
Interaction of hydrogen with metal nitrides and imides.
Geology of mankind.
The pathogenic basis of malaria.
Replication-incompetent adenoviral vaccine vector elicits effective anti-immunodeficiency-virus immunity.
Hydrogen from catalytic reforming of biomass-derived hydrocarbons in liquid water.
New ideas about atrial fibrillation 50 years on.
HDAC6 is a microtubule-associated deacetylase.
The endogenous cannabinoid system controls extinction of aversive memories.
Pharmacological modulation of perceptual learning and associated cortical reorganization.
Single-gene greenbeard effects in the social amoeba Dictyostelium discoideum.
The chemistry of sexual deception in an orchid-wasp pollination system.
Glycosylation restores survival of chilled blood platelets.
Modulation of phospholipid signaling by GLABRA2 in root-hair pattern formation.
Calculated phonon spectra of plutonium at high temperatures.
Probing the threshold to H atom transfer along a hydrogen-bonded ammonia wire.
Shock-induced localized amorphization in boron carbide.
Mediterranean moisture source for an early-Holocene humid period in the northern Red Sea.
State transitions--a question of balance.
Can rating pre-K programs predict children's learning.
Polyploids exhibit higher potassium uptake and salinity tolerance in Arabidopsis.
Achieving the convention on biological diversity's goals for plant conservation.
Stress state in the largest displacement area of the 2011 Tohoku-Oki earthquake.
Pou5f1 transcription factor controls zygotic gene activation in vertebrates.
The COMPASS subunit Spp1 links histone methylation to initiation of meiotic recombination.
Structural basis for hijacking of cellular LxxLL motifs by papillomavirus E6 oncoproteins.
Structural basis for effector control and redox partner recognition in cytochrome P450.
Structure and composition of the plate-boundary slip zone for the 2011 Tohoku-Oki earthquake.
When metabolism and epigenetics converge.
Mediterranean Sea surface radiocarbon reservoir age changes since the last glacial maximum.
Regional magnetic fields as navigational markers for sea turtles.
Activation volumes for solid-solid transformations in nanocrystals.
Preservation of species abundance in marine death assemblages.
A ribonucleotide reductase homolog of cytomegalovirus and endothelial cell tropism.
Single crystals of single-walled carbon nanotubes formed by self-assembly.
Experimental realization of noiseless subsystems for quantum information processing.
The end for Indonesia's lowland forests?.
It's all about contacts.
Molecular rulers for scaling down nanostructures.
Transmission of electrical signals by spin-wave interconversion in a magnetic insulator.
Long-term potentiation depends on release of D-serine from astrocytes.
The transcriptional network for mesenchymal transformation of brain tumours.
Dicke quantum phase transition with a superfluid gas in an optical cavity.
Putting brain training to the test.
A synchronized quorum of genetic clocks.
Direct conversion of human fibroblasts to multilineage blood progenitors.
Role of conserved non-coding DNA elements in the Foxp3 gene in regulatory T-cell fate.
Bone progenitor dysfunction induces myelodysplasia and secondary leukaemia.
Real-time observation of valence electron motion.
Constraints on future changes in climate and the hydrologic cycle.
Analysis of the mouse transcriptome based on functional annotation of 60,770 full-length cDNAs.
Modulation of HIV-1 replication by RNA interference.
Indistinguishable photons from a single-photon device.
Detecting recent positive selection in the human genome from haplotype structure.
Brain-machine interface: Instant neural control of a movement signal.
p53 mutant mice that display early ageing-associated phenotypes.
Onset of Asian desertification by 22 Myr ago inferred from loess deposits in China.
Tumour-derived soluble MIC ligands impair expression of NKG2D and T-cell activation.
Time-resolved atomic inner-shell spectroscopy.
Formation of Iapetus' extreme albedo dichotomy by exogenically triggered thermal ice migration.
The thermodynamics of the elusive HO3 Radical.
Rise of the Rival.
Females use multiple mating and genetically loaded sperm competition to target compatible genes.
Severe drought puts spotlight on Chinese dams.
The puzzling rise and fall of a dark-horse Alzheimer's drug.
Proposed revisions to psychiatry's canon unveiled.
Seismic images of the biggest crash on Earth.
French Nobelist Escapes 'Intellectual Terror'to Pursue Radical Ideas in China.
Regulation of body temperature by some Mesozoic marine reptiles.
Enhanced room-temperature geometric magnetoresistance in inhomogeneous narrow-gap semiconductors.
Element-selective single atom imaging.
Asef, a link between the tumor suppressor APC and G-protein signaling.
Bead-based fiber-optic arrays.
Cell-cell signaling and movement by the floral transcription factors LEAFY and APETALA1.
Evidence for DNA loss as a determinant of genome size.
Structure of the Cytoplasmic  Subunit--T1 Assembly of Voltage-Dependent K+ Channels.
A function for kinesin I in the posterior transport of oskar mRNA and Staufen protein.
mGluR1 in cerebellar Purkinje cells essential for long-term depression, synapse elimination, and motor coordination.
The spin excitation spectrum in superconducting YBa2Cu3O6. 85.
The mechanism of OTUB1-mediated inhibition of ubiquitination.
Independent evolution of striated muscles in cnidarians and bilaterians.
X-ray and optical wave mixing.
Structure of AMP-PNP-bound vitamin B12 transporter BtuCD-F.
En echelon and orthogonal fault ruptures of the 11 April 2012 great intraplate earthquakes.
New fossils from Koobi Fora in northern Kenya confirm taxonomic diversity in early Homo.
Layered boron nitride as a release layer for mechanical transfer of GaN-based devices.
Endogenous antigen tunes the responsiveness of naive B cells but not T cells.
Cysteine methylation disrupts ubiquitin-chain sensing in NF-[kgr] B activation.
Synaptic amplification by dendritic spines enhances input cooperativity.
Co-evolution and plant resistance to natural enemies.
Consequences of a biological invasion reveal the importance of mutualism for plant communities.
Geochemical evidence for the melting of subducting oceanic lithosphere at plate edges.
A phosphate transporter expressed in arbuscule-containing cells in potato.
Evolution of magma-poor continental margins from rifting to seafloor spreading.
Electrical control of spin coherence in semiconductor nanostructures.
Polo-like kinase 1 phosphorylates cyclin B1 and targets it to the nucleus during prophase.
Metabolism: partial leptin deficiency and human adiposity.
Direct ligandreceptor complex interaction controls Brassica self-incompatibility.
Health: Endothelin-1 synthesis reduced by red wine.
Effect of the cytoplasmic domain on antigenic characteristics of HIV-1 envelope glycoprotein.
Cytosolic detection of the bacterial metabolite HBP activates TIFA-dependent innate immunity.
piRNA-guided transposon cleavage initiates Zucchini-dependent, phased piRNA production.
Disruption of the head direction cell network impairs the parahippocampal grid cell signal.
Structure of a yeast spliceosome at 3.6-angstrom resolution.
Broken translational and rotational symmetry via charge stripe order in underdoped YBa2Cu3O6+ y.
Rqc2p and 60S ribosomal subunits mediate mRNA-independent elongation of nascent chains.
Retroviruses use CD169-mediated trans-infection of permissive lymphocytes to establish infection.
Structural basis for chemokine recognition and activation of a viral G proteincoupled receptor.
Balancing privacy versus accuracy in research protocols.
Climate change: snakes tell a torrid tale.
Luxury bushmeat trade threatens lemur conservation.
Pandemics: avoiding the mistakes of 1918.
Atmospheric physics: Cosmic rays, clouds and climate.
Condensed-matter physics: Going with the flow.
[C] Stem-cell therapy faces more scrutiny in China..
DNA repair: New tales of an old tail.
Light and shadow from distant worlds.
Physical chemistry: How to improve your image.
Radiation-pressure mixing of large dust grains in protoplanetary disks.
Diverging neural pathways assemble a behavioural state from separable features in anxiety.
Negligible impact of rare autoimmune-locus coding-region variants on missing heritability.
Reprogramming in vivo produces teratomas and iPS cells with totipotency features.
A complete mass-spectrometric map of the yeast proteome applied to quantitative trait analysis.
Structural mechanism of cytosolic DNA sensing by cGAS.
X-ray structure of dopamine transporter elucidates antidepressant mechanism.
Dusty starburst galaxies in the early Universe as revealed by gravitational lensing.
Limited airborne transmission of H7N9 influenza A virus between ferrets.
EGFR modulates microRNA maturation in response to hypoxia through phosphorylation of AGO2.
Completion of the entire hepatitis C virus life cycle in genetically humanized mice.
Multiplex targeted sequencing identifies recurrently mutated genes in autism spectrum disorders.
Epigenetic regulation by long noncoding RNAs.
Anticipating critical transitions.
High-resolution protein structure determination by serial femtosecond crystallography.
Conversion of wastes into bioelectricity and chemicals by using microbial electrochemical technologies.
Designing cell-compatible hydrogels for biomedical applications.
Metabolite profiling identifies a key role for glycine in rapid cancer cell proliferation.
Ribosome profiling shows that miR-430 reduces translation before causing mRNA decay in zebrafish.
High-resolution EM of colloidal nanocrystal growth using graphene liquid cells.
The geological record of ocean acidification.
Peeling and sharpening multiwall nanotubes.
Genetic evidence for female host-specific races of the common cuckoo.
A silence that speaks volumes.
Disturbance and diversity in experimental microcosms.
naked cuticle encodes an inducible antagonist of Wnt signalling.
Metapopulation dynamics of bubonic plague.
Activin-and Nodal-related factors control anteroposterior patterning of the zebrafish embryo.
Peptides accelerate their uptake by activating a ubiquitin-dependent proteolytic pathway.
Resolving the 'opal paradox'in the Southern Ocean.
Different initiation of pre-TCR and TCR signalling.
Alloying at surfaces by the migration of reactive two-dimensional islands.
Malaria parasite development in a Drosophila model.
Patients' voices: the powerful sound in the stem cell debate.
Mate selection and the evolution of highly polymorphic self/nonself recognition genes.
Osmium isotopic evidence for Mesozoic removal of lithospheric mantle beneath the Sierra Nevada, California.
A subclass of Ras proteins that regulate the degradation of IB.
Discovery of a basaltic asteroid in the outer main belt.
Necessity for afferent activity to maintain eye-specific segregation in ferret lateral geniculate nucleus.
Finally, the book of life and instructions for navigating it.
Resonant oscillations between the solid earth and the atmosphere.
China: The prizes and pitfalls of progress.
Quantum physics: Disturbance without the force.
Atmospheric chemistry: Sun, sea and ozone destruction.
Motor neuron disease: The curious ways of ALS.
Immunology: blood lines redrawn.
Analytical chemistry: Home diagnostics to music.
Philosophy of science: Theories of almost everything.
Effect of phase transitions on compressional-wave velocities in the Earth's mantle.
Generosity: a winner's advice.
Cell evolution: mitochondria in hiding.
Gravity measurement: amazing GRACE.
A list of published papers is no measure of value.
Herpetology: Snake circumvents constraints on prey size.
Sports statistics: Trends and random fluctuations in athletics.
Epigenetic reprogramming: back to the beginning.
Semiconductor technology: Imprints offer moore.
Physiology: two ACEs and a heart.
Cdc6 synthesis regulates replication competence in Xenopus oocytes.
Nuclear physics: A triple point in nuclei.
Phosphorylation of the autophagy receptor optineurin restricts Salmonella growth.
Targeted genome editing across species using ZFNs and TALENs.
Google effects on memory: Cognitive consequences of having information at our fingertips.
The structure of the eukaryotic ribosome at 3.0  resolution.
Diurnal and seasonal mood vary with work, sleep, and daylength across diverse cultures.
2500 years of European climate variability and human susceptibility.
Improved learning in a large-enrollment physics class.
Autophagy-dependent anticancer immune responses induced by chemotherapeutic agents in mice.
The antibacterial lectin RegIII promotes the spatial segregation of microbiota and host in the intestine.
Mitochondria and the autophagyinflammationcell death axis in organismal aging.
Sexually dimorphic BDNF signaling directs sensory innervation of the mammary gland.
Canada's weakening aquatic protection.
Tapping into the wisdom of the crowdwith confidence.
Efficiency in evolutionary trade-offs.
A golden era of Nobel Laureates.
Student-directed discovery of the plant microbiome and its products.
Driving a macroscopic oscillator with the stochastic motion of a hydrogen molecule.
Learning how to not make your own earthquakes.
Dynamic causes of the relation between area and age of the ocean floor.
Tackling the microbiome.
A Bruce effect in wild geladas.
Kinship categories across languages reflect general communicative principles.
Cost-benefit tradeoffs in engineered lac operons.
Natural variation in a chloride channel subunit confers avermectin resistance in C. elegans.
The molecular mechanism of thermal noise in rod photoreceptors.
Asymmetric B cell division in the germinal center reaction.
Multiple spectral inputs improve motion discrimination in the Drosophila visual system.
Knowing the boundaries: extending the differential adhesion hypothesis in embryonic cell sorting.
Segregation of axonal and somatic activity during fast network oscillations.
Tissint martian meteorite: A fresh look at the interior, surface, and atmosphere of Mars.
Why large-scale climate indices seem to predict ecological processes better than local weather.
Current-induced resonance and mass determination of a single magnetic domain wall.
Functional interactions between receptors in bacterial chemotaxis.
Predictability of El Nio over the past 148 years.
Gene regulation: ancient microRNA target sequences in plants.
A single population of olfactory sensory neurons mediates an innate avoidance behaviour in Drosophila.
Structure of a complex between a voltage-gated calcium channel -subunit and an -subunit domain.
An endoribonuclease-prepared siRNA screen in human cells identifies genes essential for cell division.
Replication protein A interacts with AID to promote deamination of somatic hypermutation targets.
Recollection-like memory retrieval in rats is dependent on the hippocampus.
A faint discrete source origin for the highly ionized iron emission from the Galactic Centre region.
S-Cdk-dependent phosphorylation of Sld2 essential for chromosomal DNA replication in budding yeast.
Coherenceincoherence and dimensional crossover in layered strongly correlated metals.
Dual regulation of voltage-gated calcium channels by PtdIns (4, 5) P2.
Development: Linguistic ability and early language exposure.
The involvement of RNA in ribosome function.
Intracellular calcium stores regulate activity-dependent neuropeptide release from dendrites.
SWAP-70 is a guanine-nucleotide-exchange factor that mediates signalling of membrane ruffling.
Topologically protected quantum bits using Josephson junction arrays.
Distribution of breaking waves at the ocean surface.
Maintenance of genome stability in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
A single P450 allele associated with insecticide resistance in Drosophila.
A bacterial guanine nucleotide exchange factor activates ARF on Legionella phagosomes.
Mass balance of polar ice sheets.
Premature aging in mice deficient in DNA repair and transcription.
Requirement for a peptidoglycan recognition protein (PGRP) in Relish activation and antibacterial immune responses in Drosophila.
Structural basis of transcription initiation: RNA polymerase holoenzyme at 4  resolution.
Formation of a one-dimensional array of oxygen in a microporous metal-organic solid.
Neurofibromas in NF1: Schwann cell origin and role of tumor environment.
Structural adaptations in a membrane enzyme that terminates endocannabinoid signaling.
Long-lived Drosophila with overexpressed dFOXO in adult fat body.
Reconstructing past climate from noisy data.
A microfluidic device for conducting gas-liquid-solid hydrogenation reactions.
The binding mode of epothilone A on , -tubulin by electron crystallography.
Sites of neocortical reorganization critical for remote spatial memory.
A compound from smoke that promotes seed germination.
Rheology and microscopic topology of entangled polymeric liquids.
Extinction and ecosystem function in the marine benthos.
Accumulation of Mn (II) in Deinococcus radiodurans facilitates gamma-radiation resistance.
Neuronal activity related to reward value and motivation in primate frontal cortex.
Crippling virus set to conquer Western Hemisphere.
A VLBI resolution of the Pleiades distance controversy.
Electron-hole asymmetric integer and fractional quantum Hall effect in bilayer graphene.
Strong Increase of Tc of Sr2RuO4 Under Both Tensile and Compressive Strain.
Vibrational spectral signature of the proton defect in the three-dimensional H+ (H2O) 21 cluster.
Stop codon reassignments in the wild.
Mechanically detecting and avoiding the quantum fluctuations of a microwave field.
Replication effort provokes praiseand 'bullying'charges.
Real-space imaging of molecular structure and chemical bonding by single-molecule inelastic tunneling probe.
Dynamic signaling by T follicular helper cells during germinal center B cell selection.
Flexible electronics.
Monitoring and regulating offshore stem cell clinics.
[C] A human trigger for the great quake of Sichuan?.
14CH4 measurements in Greenland ice: investigating last glacial termination CH4 sources.
Solar-like oscillations in a massive star.
High symbiont relatedness stabilizes mutualistic cooperation in fungus-growing termites.
Formation and survival of water vapor in the terrestrial planetforming region.
Higher-order photon bunching in a semiconductor microcavity.
The packing of granular polymer chains.
Determining the dynamics of entanglement.
Single-molecule optomechanical cycle.
Impaired B and T cell antigen receptor signaling in p110 PI 3-kinase mutant mice.
Heterogeneous atmospheric aerosol production by acid-catalyzed particle-phase reactions.
Allelic variation in human gene expression.
The domestication of social cognition in dogs.
Discrete microdomains with high concentration of cAMP in stimulated rat neonatal cardiac myocytes.
Emergence of modern human behavior: Middle Stone Age engravings from South Africa.
Macromolecular architecture in eukaryotic cells visualized by cryoelectron tomography.
Interfaces between the detection, signaling, and repair of DNA damage.
Ecological predictions and risk assessment for alien fishes in North America.
Structure of the ultrathin aluminum oxide film on NiAl (110).
Droplet control for microfluidics.
Stomatal patterning and differentiation by synergistic interactions of receptor kinases.
Premelting at defects within bulk colloidal crystals.
SMEDWI-2 is a PIWI-like protein that regulates planarian stem cells.
A light-actuated nanovalve derived from a channel protein.
The pains of endometriosis.
Antagonistic actions of ecdysone and insulins determine final size in Drosophila.
Spectroscopy using quantum logic.
Structure of the rotor of the V-Type Na+-ATPase from Enterococcus hirae.
Cell biology: ageing theories unified.
Freeze the footprint of food.
A two-step chemical mechanism for ribosome-catalysed peptide bond formation.
Kelvin-Helmholtz instabilities as the source of inhomogeneous mixing in nova explosions.
GSK-3 [agr]/[bgr] kinases and amyloid production in vivo.
Tighten regulations on deep-sea mining.
In defence of inclusive fitness theory.
Synchronicity of Antarctic temperatures and local solar insolation on orbital timescales.
A mass transfer origin for blue stragglers in NGC 188 as revealed by half-solar-mass companions.
Prevention: activity is the best medicine.
Axitinib effectively inhibits BCR-ABL1 (T315I) with a distinct binding conformation.
 .
Epicardial FSTL1 reconstitution regenerates the adult mammalian heart.
Materials science: Nanoscale locomotion without fuel.
A Mercury-like component of early Earth yields uranium in the core and high mantle 142Nd.
Mary F. Lyon (1925-2014).
 .
A model of breast cancer heterogeneity reveals vascular mimicry as a driver of metastasis.
Climate economics: The high road.
Wind from the black-hole accretion disk driving a molecular outflow in an active galaxy.
Host species barriers to influenza virus infections.
Rapid chemically induced changes of PtdIns (4, 5) P2 gate KCNQ ion channels.
A voltage sensor-domain protein is a voltage-gated proton channel.
Cytokinin signaling and its inhibitor AHP6 regulate cell fate during vascular development.
Crystal structure of the low-pH form of the vesicular stomatitis virus glycoprotein G.
Catalytic alkane metathesis by tandem alkane dehydrogenation-olefin metathesis.
A bifurcating pathway directs abscisic acid effects on stomatal closure and opening in Arabidopsis.
Chimpanzees recruit the best collaborators.
A combined mitigation/geoengineering approach to climate stabilization.
A plant peptide encoded by CLV3 identified by in situ MALDI-TOF MS analysis.
Boundary layer control of rotating convection systems.
Structure of the BK potassium channel in a lipid membrane from electron cryomicroscopy.
Ubiquitin-related modifier Urm1 acts as a sulphur carrier in thiolation of eukaryotic transfer RNA.
Central control of fever and female body temperature by RANKL/RANK.
Homothallic and heterothallic mating in the opportunistic pathogen Candida albicans.
Protein kinase R reveals an evolutionary model for defeating viral mimicry.
Germline-encoded amino acids in the &agr; &bgr; T-cell receptor control thymic selection.
Counting RAD51 proteins disassembling from nucleoprotein filaments under tension.
Miniature devices: Voyage of the microrobots.
The origin and evolution of arthropods.
Gene targeting: enter the rat.
Physiology: there is no single p.
Quantum computing: Quantum RAM.
A ground-layer adaptive optics system with multiple laser guide stars.
Levodopa: the story so far.
Journals step up plagiarism policing.
Gene regulation: Breaking the second genetic code.
Biochemistry: Tackling unintelligent design.
Bioinorganic chemistry: Model offers intermediate insight.
Epigenetics: Tales of adversity.
Chemoprevention of colorectal cancer by targeting APC-deficient cells for apoptosis.
Ordovician faunas of Burgess Shale type.
Neurotrophin receptors TrkA and TrkC cause neuronal death whereas TrkB does not.
Structural basis of oligomerization in the stalk region of dynamin-like MxA.
I [kgr] B [bgr] acts to inhibit and activate gene expression during the inflammatory response.
Observation of neutral modes in the fractional quantum Hall regime.
Recognition of a signal peptide by the signal recognition particle.
A random cell motility gradient downstream of FGF controls elongation of an amniote embryo.
The scaffold protein Ste5 directly controls a switch-like mating decision in yeast.
Publish your computer code: it is good enough.
Lethality and centrality in protein networks.
Catastrophic shifts in ecosystems.
Thin-film thermoelectric devices with high room-temperature figures of merit.
Oncogenic kinase signalling.
Indium phosphide nanowires as building blocks for nanoscale electronic and optoelectronic devices.
Insulin signalling and the regulation of glucose and lipid metabolism.
Genome maintenance mechanisms for preventing cancer.
Plant pathogens and integrated defence responses to infection.
A role for ghrelin in the central regulation of feeding.
The innate immune response to bacterial flagellin is mediated by Toll-like receptor 5.
Complex patterning by vertical interchange atom manipulation using atomic force microscopy.
Receptor-like kinase ACR4 restricts formative cell divisions in the Arabidopsis root.
Reversible compartmentalization of de novo purine biosynthetic complexes in living cells.
FBXW7 targets mTOR for degradation and cooperates with PTEN in tumor suppression.
Large and rapid melt-induced velocity changes in the ablation zone of the Greenland ice sheet.
CoRoT measures solar-like oscillations and granulation in stars hotter than the Sun.
Detection of silica-rich deposits on Mars.
A role for the ESCRT system in cell division in archaea.
Transient electronic structure and melting of a charge density wave in TbTe3.
Field experiments with transformed plants reveal the sense of floral scents.
The kinase activity of the Ser/Thr kinase BUB1 promotes TGF- signaling.
Mothers tell daughters to wait for a mate.
How inhibition of TORC1 stimulates gene expression.
Insulin Promotes Serotonin Uptake.
Paving the way for intratumoral T cells.
Which receptor underlies chronic pain?.
Switching off arthritis.
Intracellular pH gradient guides cells.
Milk needs Orai1.
Inflammation resolution: A solution for advanced atherosclerosis.
Nonlinear physics: Dj vu in optics.
Superconductivity: Iron cast in exotic role.
Materials science: A broader view of membranes.
Animal behaviour: Benefits of female mimicry in snakes.
Pasteur's Quadrant and malnutrition.
Alzheimer's disease: An inflammatory drug prospect.
Peers under pressure.
Animal husbandry: Assessing the welfare state.
And now for the proteome....
Noble-gas-rich chondrules in an enstatite meteorite.
Landscape of somatic retrotransposition in human cancers.
Demonstration of entanglement of electrostatically coupled singlet-triplet qubits.
Untangling genomes from metagenomes: revealing an uncultured class of marine Euryarchaeota.
Strongly interacting Rydberg excitations of a cold atomic gas.
Offspring from oocytes derived from in vitro primordial germ celllike cells in mice.
Network interventions.
The potential for respiratory droplettransmissible A/H5N1 influenza virus to evolve in a mammalian host.
Akt-mediated regulation of autophagy and tumorigenesis through Beclin 1 phosphorylation.
The geometric structure of the brain fiber pathways.
Supported iron nanoparticles as catalysts for sustainable production of lower olefins.
Closed-shell molecules that ionize more readily than cesium.
Inversions and gene order shuffling in Anopheles gambiae and A. funestus.
Sliding density wave in Sr14Cu24O41 ladder compounds.
Electron solvation in two dimensions.
Whole-istic biology.
The origin of Cu/Au ratios in porphyry-type ore deposits.
Iron-silicon alloy in Earth's core?.
Extent of chromatin spreading determined by roX RNA recruitment of MSL proteins.
RNAi and Heterochromatin--a Hushed-Up Affair.
ATMOSPHERE: Plant Respiration in a Warmer.
Pole and global shape of 25143 Itokawa.
Rotational coherence and a sudden breakdown in linear response seen in room-temperature liquids.
RNA recognition and cleavage by a splicing endonuclease.
Genetic variation affects de novo translocation frequency.
X-ray structure of a self-compartmentalizing sulfur cycle metalloenzyme.
Effects of solar flares on the ionosphere of Mars.
[C] Enzyme motions inside and out.
Observation of electroluminescence and photovoltaic response in ionic junctions.
Crystal structure of squid rhodopsin.
BAX activation is initiated at a novel interaction site.
Early origins and evolution of microRNAs and Piwi-interacting RNAs in animals.
SATB1 reprogrammes gene expression to promote breast tumour growth and metastasis.
Using photoemission spectroscopy to probe a strongly interacting Fermi gas.
Evolution of metal hyperaccumulation required cis-regulatory changes and triplication of HMA4.
Self-renewal and expansion of single transplanted muscle stem cells.
Big data: The future of biocuration.
Twinning superlattices in indium phosphide nanowires.
Structure of the intact PPAR-&ggr;RXR-&agr; nuclear receptor complex on DNA.
Parallel declines in pollinators and insect-pollinated plants in Britain and the Netherlands.
Oligonucleotide-modified gold nanoparticles for intracellular gene regulation.
Isolated single-cycle attosecond pulses.
Histone H4-K16 acetylation controls chromatin structure and protein interactions.
Zebrafish MiR-430 promotes deadenylation and clearance of maternal mRNAs.
p53 regulates mitochondrial respiration.
Electrodes with high power and high capacity for rechargeable lithium batteries.
Global hydrological cycles and world water resources.
Empirical analysis of an evolving social network.
A century of Alzheimer's disease.
Enhanced enantioselectivity in excitation of chiral molecules by superchiral light.
Different B cell populations mediate early and late memory during an endogenous immune response.
The magnitude and duration of Late OrdovicianEarly Silurian glaciation.
Metallic and insulating oxide interfaces controlled by electronic correlations.
Torsional carbon nanotube artificial muscles.
Structures of SAS-6 suggest its organization in centrioles.
HCN2 ion channels play a central role in inflammatory and neuropathic pain.
Proteome half-life dynamics in living human cells.
The influence of nonlinear mesoscale eddies on near-surface oceanic chlorophyll.
Orbital-independent superconducting gaps in iron pnictides.
Finding genes that underlie complex traits.
S-nitrosylation of matrix metalloproteinases: signaling pathway to neuronal cell death.
A group-IV ferromagnetic semiconductor: MnxGe1 x.
SHP-2 tyrosine phosphatase as an intracellular target of Helicobacter pylori CagA protein.
Intra-and interspecific variation in primate gene expression patterns.
Rapid changes in flowering time in British plants.
Control of synaptic strength by glial TNF.
Direct synthesis of long single-walled carbon nanotube strands.
Surface melt-induced acceleration of Greenland ice-sheet flow.
Arsenic mobility and groundwater extraction in Bangladesh.
Epitaxial coreshell and coremultishell nanowire heterostructures.
Changing potency by spontaneous fusion.
Leptin stimulates fatty-acid oxidation by activating AMP-activated protein kinase.
The polycomb group protein EZH2 is involved in progression of prostate cancer.
Points of control in inflammation.
RAD6-dependent DNA repair is linked to modification of PCNA by ubiquitin and SUMO.
MAP kinase signalling cascade in Arabidopsis innate immunity.
Optical frequency metrology.
CD4&plus; CD25&plus; regulatory T cells control Leishmania major persistence and immunity.
Dopamine neurons derived from embryonic stem cells function in an animal model of Parkinson's disease.
Bone histology: evolution of growth pattern in birds.
Polio vaccine samples not linked to AIDS.
Genome evolution: gene capture in archaeal chromosomes.
Wiping out dirty displays.
Quantum interference of superfluid 3He.
The bugs of war.
Patents in a genetic age.
Night-time predation by Steller sea lions.
Superconductivity: Is kinky conventional?.
Decisions, decisions....
Organicinorganic nanohybrids for fluorescence, photoacoustic and Raman bioimaging.
The quest for assay robustness across the life cycle of a bioanalytical method.
Adaptive enrichment designs: applications and challenges.
Using simulation to optimize adaptive trial designs: applications in learning and confirmatory phase trials.
Anti-PEG antibody bioanalysis: a clinical case study with PEG-IFN--1a and PEG-IFN-2a in naive patients.
Role of therapeutic drug monitoring in pulmonary infections: use and potential for expanded use of dried blood spot samples.
Quantitative whole-body autoradiography: past, present and future.
Melanocortin-4 receptor modulators for the treatment of obesity: a patent analysis (2008-2014).
Extracellular ATP mediates H2S-regulated stomatal movements and guard cell K+ current in a H2O2-dependent manner in Arabidopsis.
Improved pharmacodynamic assay for dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase activity in peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
Unexpectedly recent dates for human remains from Vogelherd.
Origin of extant domesticated sunflowers in eastern North America.
Plant degradation: a nematode expansin acting on plants.
Surface transfer doping of diamond.
Ecology: clouded futures.
In situ observation of colloidal monolayer nucleation driven by an alternating electric field.
Frontal and stealth attack strategies in microbial pathogenesis.
Trail geometry gives polarity to ant foraging networks.
Mixing, volatile loss and compositional change during impact-driven accretion of the Earth.
Human meiotic recombinase Dmc1 promotes ATP-dependent homologous DNA strand exchange.
An integral program for tissue renewal and regeneration: Wnt signaling and stem cell control.
Origin and spread of de novo genes in Drosophila melanogaster populations.
Polyhedra self-assembled from DNA tripods and characterized with 3D DNA-PAINT.
Optical Control of Muscle Function by Transplantation of Stem CellDerived Motor Neurons in Mice.
An antifreeze protein folds with an interior network of more than 400 semi-clathrate waters.
Low core-mantle boundary temperature inferred from the solidus of pyrolite.
Immune dysregulation in human subjects with heterozygous germline mutations in CTLA4.
Polyunsaturated phospholipids facilitate membrane deformation and fission by endocytic proteins.
Ancient DNA reveals elephant birds and kiwi are sister taxa and clarifies ratite bird evolution.
Extensive remodeling of a cyanobacterial photosynthetic apparatus in far-red light.
The MC-Fold and MC-Sym pipeline infers RNA structure from sequence data.
The developmental genetics of congenital heart disease.
Cutaneous cancer stem cell maintenance is dependent on &bgr;-catenin signalling.
Modelling Myc inhibition as a cancer therapy.
UNC93B1 delivers nucleotide-sensing toll-like receptors to endolysosomes.
UCP2 mediates ghrelin's action on NPY/AgRP neurons by lowering free radicals.
Formation of accumbens GluR2-lacking AMPA receptors mediates incubation of cocaine craving.
Structural basis for the function and inhibition of an influenza virus proton channel.
Transcriptional repression mediated by repositioning of genes to the nuclear lamina.
Enabling personalized cancer medicine through analysis of gene-expression patterns.
Regulation of abscisic acid-induced stomatal closure and anion channels by guard cell AAPK kinase.
Mantle convection and plate tectonics: Toward an integrated physical and chemical theory.
Insect population control using a dominant, repressible, lethal genetic system.
Candidate taste receptors in Drosophila.
Primates--a natural heritage of conflict resolution.
General acid-base catalysis in the mechanism of a hepatitis delta virus ribozyme.
Glucose-dependent insulin release from genetically engineered K cells.
Dynamic variations at the base of the solar convection zone.
Reversal of antipsychotic-induced working memory deficits by short-term dopamine D1 receptor stimulation.
Single-file diffusion of colloids in one-dimensional channels.
Policy: Sustainable development goals for people and planet.
Mutations in prion-like domains in hnRNPA2B1 and hnRNPA1 cause multisystem proteinopathy and ALS.
Bell violation using entangled photons without the fair-sampling assumption.
TET enzymes, TDG and the dynamics of DNA demethylation.
Negligible immunogenicity of terminally differentiated cells derived from induced pluripotent or embryonic stem cells.
De novo mutations in epileptic encephalopathies.
Activating RNAs associate with Mediator to enhance chromatin architecture and transcription.
Functional roles of enhancer RNAs for oestrogen-dependent transcriptional activation.
Landscape of the PARKIN-dependent ubiquitylome in response to mitochondrial depolarization.
Deterministic direct reprogramming of somatic cells to pluripotency.
Pattern separation in the dentate gyrus and CA3 of the hippocampus.
A slicer-mediated mechanism for repeat-associated siRNA 5'end formation in Drosophila.
Hd3a protein is a mobile flowering signal in rice.
TLR3 deficiency in patients with herpes simplex encephalitis.
Probing transcription factor dynamics at the single-molecule level in a living cell.
Reversal of neurological defects in a mouse model of Rett syndrome.
Ecology-Managing evolving fish stocks.
Telomeric repeatcontaining RNA and RNA surveillance factors at mammalian chromosome ends.
Microbial population structures in the deep marine biosphere.
The catalytic cross-coupling of unactivated arenes.
The late Precambrian greening of the Earth.
A hub-and-spoke circuit drives pheromone attraction and social behaviour in C. elegans.
Optogenetic dissection of a behavioural module in the vertebrate spinal cord.
Viral and cellular messenger RNA targets of viral microRNAs.
The pluripotency factor Oct4 interacts with Ctcf and also controls X-chromosome pairing and counting.
A massive hypergiant star as the progenitor of the supernova SN 2005gl.
Biophysical dissection of membrane proteins.
Helical extension of the neuronal SNARE complex into the membrane.
Disordered, quasicrystalline and crystalline phases of densely packed tetrahedra.
Solubility trapping in formation water as dominant CO2 sink in natural gas fields.
Evidence for microbial carbon and sulfur cycling in deeply buried ridge flank basalt.
GPR15-mediated homing controls immune homeostasis in the large intestine mucosa.
Para-aminosalicylic acid acts as an alternative substrate of folate metabolism in Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Glassy dynamics in condensed isolated polymer chains.
Water in the balance.
Direct proteomic quantification of the secretome of activated immune cells.
Mechanisms of age-dependent response to winter temperature in perennial flowering of Arabis alpina.
Diversity among memory B cells: origin, consequences, and utility.
A gut lipid messenger links excess dietary fat to dopamine deficiency.
Low coseismic friction on the Tohoku-Oki fault determined from temperature measurements.
HIV-1 causes CD4 cell death through DNA-dependent protein kinase during viral integration.
Dissipative production of a maximally entangled steady state of two quantum bits.
DWARF 53 acts as a repressor of strigolactone signalling in rice.
Lamin A/C and emerin regulate MKL1-SRF activity by modulating actin dynamics.
Structural visualization of key steps in human transcription initiation.
Future sea-level rise from Greenland/'s main outlet glaciers in a warming climate.
Using membrane transporters to improve crops for sustainable food production.
Nuclear genome transfer in human oocytes eliminates mitochondrial DNA variants.
A strong magnetic field around the supermassive black hole at the centre of the Galaxy.
Deterministic quantum teleportation with feed-forward in a solid state system.
Nanoelectronics: Spin surprise in carbon.
Darwin 200: Let's make a mammoth.
The Earth's missing lead may not be in the core.
Climate change: Natural ups and downs.
Urban future.
China: The prizes and pitfalls of progress.
Physical chemistry: Charge states in transition.
Quantum physics: Disturbance without the force.
Atmospheric chemistry: Sun, sea and ozone destruction.
Immunology: blood lines redrawn.
Selection and evaluation of clinically relevant AAV variants in a xenograft liver model.
Cystathionine [ggr]-lyase deficiency mediates neurodegeneration in Huntington/'s disease.
RIPK1 maintains epithelial homeostasis by inhibiting apoptosis and necroptosis.
A single female-specific piRNA is the primary determiner of sex in the silkworm.
Fast spin of the young extrasolar planet [bgr][thinsp] Pictoris [thinsp] b.
Glutamine methylation in histone H2A is an RNA-polymerase-I-dedicated modification.
The hippocampal CA2 region is essential for social memory.
T-cell activation by transitory neo-antigens derived from distinct microbial pathways.
A transcriptional switch underlies commitment to sexual development in malaria parasites.
The timing and spatiotemporal patterning of Neanderthal disappearance.
Atlantic hurricanes and climate over the past 1,500 years.
A Jurassic ceratosaur from China helps clarify avian digital homologies.
Synaptic depression enables neuronal gain control.
Structurefunction relationships of anaerobic gas-processing metalloenzymes.
Structure and hydration of membranes embedded with voltage-sensing domains.
Glacial effects limiting mountain height.
Strong tidal dissipation in Io and Jupiter from astrometric observations.
Temperature-induced AB intersite charge transfer in an A-site-ordered LaCu3Fe4O12 perovskite.
Quality control by the ribosome following peptide bond formation.
Visual but not trigeminal mediation of magnetic compass information in a migratory bird.
Mental health: thinking from the gut.
Controlling neutron orbital angular momentum.
HIF-driven SF3B1 induces KHK-C to enforce fructolysis and heart disease.
HIV-1 Nef promotes infection by excluding SERINC5 from virion incorporation.
China's research & development spend.
Nanotechnology: platelet mimicry.
Pharmacotherapy: Quest for the quitting pill.
Resources: Silt, dams and hydraulic heroes.
A permanent, asymmetric dust cloud around the Moon.
Human-like hand use in Australopithecus africanus.
Lysosomal lipid lengthens life span.
A genetic cause for severe influenza.
Comment on Stellar activity masquerading as planets in the habitable zone of the M dwarf Gliese 581.
Evolutionary changes in promoter and enhancer activity during human corticogenesis.
The principle of antagonism ensures protein targeting specificity at the endoplasmic reticulum.
Cortical folding scales universally with surface area and thickness, not number of neurons.
Precious metals.
Kinetic stabilization of the -synuclein protofibril by a dopamine--synuclein adduct.
Selective bond dissociation and rearrangement with optimally tailored, strong-field laser pulses.
Effects of marine reserves on adjacent fisheries.
Squeezed states in a Bose-Einstein condensate.
Autoimmune dilated cardiomyopathy in PD-1 receptor-deficient mice.
Expanding the genetic code of Escherichia coli.
Present-day crustal deformation in China constrained by global positioning system measurements.
Stratospheric harbingers of anomalous weather regimes.
Spin ice state in frustrated magnetic pyrochlore materials.
A lost-wax approach to monodisperse colloids and their crystals.
Sortilin is essential for proNGF-induced neuronal cell death.
Control of gene expression by a natural metabolite-responsive ribozyme.
Sleep inspires insight.
Genetic variation increases during biological invasion by a Cuban lizard.
Mapping complex disease loci in whole-genome association studies.
Global organization of metabolic fluxes in the bacterium Escherichia coli.
Drosophila dFOXO controls lifespan and regulates insulin signalling in brain and fat body.
Dominant influence of HLA-B in mediating the potential co-evolution of HIV and HLA.
A 'checkerboard'electronic crystal state in lightly hole-doped Ca2-xNaxCuO2Cl2.
Moving towards individualized medicine with pharmacogenomics.
Strategic redox relay enables a scalable synthesis of ouabagenin, a bioactive cardenolide.
Simple scaling of catastrophic landslide dynamics.
Similarity of scattering rates in metals showing T-linear resistivity.
Mechanism of eukaryotic RNA polymerase III transcription termination.
Element-resolved corrosion analysis of stainless-type glass-forming steels.
Certify sustainable aquaculture.
Structure of histone mRNA stem-loop, human stem-loop binding protein, and 3 hExo ternary complex.
Culture, genes, and the human revolution.
New tool for genome surgery.
Hind wings in basal birds and the evolution of leg feathers.
Heat-pipe earth.
Melting during late-stage rifting in Afar is hot and deep.
Key tissue targets responsible for anthrax-toxin-induced lethality.
A black-hole mass measurement from molecular gas kinematics in NGC4526.
CLASP-mediated cortical microtubule organization guides PIN polarization axis.
Pyrimidine homeostasis is accomplished by directed overflow metabolism.
Biology: cell sex matters.
Reconfiguration of the proteasome during chaperone-mediated assembly.
A uniform metal distribution in the intergalactic medium of the Perseus cluster of galaxies.
Gene expression profiling predicts clinical outcome of breast cancer.
Inflammation and cancer.
Pluripotency of mesenchymal stem cells derived from adult marrow.
Mutations of the BRAF gene in human cancer.
Initial sequencing and comparative analysis of the mouse genome.
Ecological responses to recent climate change.
Quantum phase transition from a superfluid to a Mott insulator in a gas of ultracold atoms.
Antimicrobial peptides of multicellular organisms.
RNA interference.
Functional organization of the yeast proteome by systematic analysis of protein complexes.
Reducing the contact time of a bouncing drop.
The dark side of publishing.
Long-term warming restructures Arctic tundra without changing net soil carbon storage.
A Silurian placoderm with osteichthyan-like marginal jaw bones.
Suppression of neuroinflammation by astrocytic dopamine D2 receptors via [agr] B-crystallin.
Interface superconductor with gap behaviour like a high-temperature superconductor.
Immunosuppressive CD71+ erythroid cells compromise neonatal host defence against infection.
Magnetic resonance fingerprinting.
Computational design of ligand-binding proteins with high affinity and selectivity.
Visualization of an endogenous retinoic acid gradient across embryonic development.
Diclofenac residues as the cause of vulture population decline in Pakistan.
Survival signalling by Akt and eIF4E in oncogenesis and cancer therapy.
Optically programmable electron spin memory using semiconductor quantum dots.
Essential role for de novo DNA methyltransferase Dnmt3a in paternal and maternal imprinting.
G1 cell-cycle control and cancer.
Insight into tubulin regulation from a complex with colchicine and a stathmin-like domain.
High-resolution record of Northern Hemisphere climate extending into the last interglacial period.
Enhanced synaptic plasticity in newly generated granule cells of the adult hippocampus.
Structure of the dengue virus envelope protein after membrane fusion.
Experimental demonstration of quantum memory for light.
Solvent-free oxidation of primary carbon-hydrogen bonds in toluene using Au-Pd alloy nanoparticles.
Observing the average trajectories of single photons in a two-slit interferometer.
Widespread RNA and DNA sequence differences in the human transcriptome.
Independently evolved virulence effectors converge onto hubs in a plant immune system network.
Replication-dependent loss of 5-hydroxymethylcytosine in mouse preimplantation embryos.
Global trends in wind speed and wave height.
Journal Article Pinker, S.(2013)." The Decline of War and Conceptions of Human Nature" in The Forum: The Decline of War. International Studies Review, 15 (3), 400- .
Interconversion between intestinal stem cell populations in distinct niches.
Differences in thermal tolerance among sockeye salmon populations.
Chlorinated indium tin oxide electrodes with high work function for organic device compatibility.
Active remodeling of somatic nuclei in egg cytoplasm by the nucleosomal ATPase ISWI.
Electronic structures of single-walled carbon nanotubes determined by NMR.
Untangling dendrites with quantitative models.
Upwelling intensification as part of the Pliocene-Pleistocene climate transition.
Dispersive multiplexing in multimode optical fiber.
Natural selection and the reinforcement of mate recognition.
Discovery of a Transient Absorption Edge in the X-ray Spectrum of GRB 990705.
Allosteric effects of Pit-1 DNA sites on long-term repression in cell type specification.
Electronic structure of Mott insulators studied by inelastic X-ray scattering.
Tracing the origins of Salmonella outbreaks.
Creating, moving and merging Dirac points with a Fermi gas in a tunable honeycomb lattice.
Quantum plasmon resonances of individual metallic nanoparticles.
A unifying model for mTORC1-mediated regulation of mRNA translation.
Dietary-fat-induced taurocholic acid promotes pathobiont expansion and colitis in Il10-/-mice.
Spatial partitioning of the regulatory landscape of the X-inactivation centre.
Analyses of pig genomes provide insight into porcine demography and evolution.
Materials interface engineering for solution-processed photovoltaics.
An expansive human regulatory lexicon encoded in transcription factor footprints.
Antarctic ice-sheet loss driven by basal melting of ice shelves.
Parity-time synthetic photonic lattices.
Three-dimensional invisibility cloak at optical wavelengths.
Evolution of MRSA during hospital transmission and intercontinental spread.
The impact of climate change on the world's marine ecosystems.
Decreased clearance of CNS -amyloid in Alzheimer's disease.
Multiple functional groups of varying ratios in metal-organic frameworks.
Oxide interfacesan opportunity for electronics.
Coexistence of quiescent and active adult stem cells in mammals.
Breeding technologies to increase crop production in a changing world.
A fast soluble carbon-free molecular water oxidation catalyst based on abundant metals.
Structural basis for broad and potent neutralization of HIV-1 by antibody VRC01.
Regulating suppression.
Physiological sex predicts hybrid sterility regardless of genotype.
Science faculty with education specialties.
Informed consent in social science.
[C] Why Can't We Test Our Way to Absolute Food Safety?.
CaCl-ing channels get the last laugh.
Parasite treatment affects maternal investment in sons.
The mentality of crows: convergent evolution of intelligence in corvids and apes.
Intersubject synchronization of cortical activity during natural vision.
Early-life blockade of the 5-HT transporter alters emotional behavior in adult mice.
The 1.2-megabase genome sequence of Mimivirus.
A small molecule Smac mimic potentiates TRAIL-and TNF-mediated cell death.
Regulated fast nucleocytoplasmic shuttling observed by reversible protein highlighting.
Axonal neuregulin-1 regulates myelin sheath thickness.
Nicotine activation of 4* receptors: sufficient for reward, tolerance, and sensitization.
The Ashbya gossypii genome as a tool for mapping the ancient Saccharomyces cerevisiae genome.
A protein sensor for siRNA asymmetry.
Source of new hope against malaria is in short supply.
An astronomical 2175  feature in interplanetary dust particles.
Independent origins of middle ear bones in monotremes and therians.
Shell composition has no net impact on large-scale evolutionary patterns in mollusks.
Developmental plasticity in the life history of a prosauropod dinosaur.
Identifying vibrations that destabilize crystals and characterize the glassy state.
What is the biological basis of consciousness?.
The ins and outs of exosomes.
Time and the quantum: erasing the past and impacting the future.
Stability of atmospheric CO2 levels across the Triassic/Jurassic boundary.
Deep-sea ecology: Developmental arrest in vent worm embryos.
Achilles' heel of cancer?.
The motor side of depth vision.
Computational comparison of two draft sequences of the human genome.
Annual monsoon rains recorded by Jurassic dunes.
The four final rotation states of Venus.
Predators increase the risk of catastrophic extinction of prey populations.
Genomics: Genes lost during evolution.
Brood parasitism: female ducks can double their reproduction.
Grain boundaries as reservoirs of incompatible elements in the Earth's mantle.
Rapid BDNF-induced retrograde synaptic modification in a developing retinotectal system.
Separase-mediated cleavage of cohesin at interphase is required for DNA repair.
A relative signalling model for the formation of a topographic neural map.
Reaction mechanism determines NMDA receptor response to repetitive stimulation.
Local-feature assembling in visual pattern recognition and generalization in honeybees.
Hyperactive antifreeze protein in a fish.
Low electrical resistivity associated with plunging of the Nazca flat slab beneath Argentina.
Molecular engineering of a backwards-moving myosin motor.
Detecting selection using a single genome sequence of M. tuberculosis and P. falciparum.
Wnt signaling, Ca2+, and cyclic GMP: visualizing Frizzled functions.
The role of collinear interaction in dislocation-induced hardening.
Requirement of mammalian Timeless for circadian rhythmicity.
Cooperation between RNA polymerase molecules in transcription elongation.
Direct detection of the Yarkovsky effect by radar ranging to asteroid 6489 Golevka.
Is" hotspot" volcanism a consequence of plate tectonics?.
Uncoupling of leading-and lagging-strand DNA replication during lesion bypass in vivo.
Essential role of Fkbp6 in male fertility and homologous chromosome pairing in meiosis.
Persistence without pathology in phosphoglycan-deficient Leishmania major.
Magma ascent and the pressurization of Mount Etna's volcanic system.
Derived immune and ancestral pigmentation alleles in a 7,000-year-old Mesolithic European.
Mouse liver repopulation with hepatocytes generated from human fibroblasts.
Engineering a memory with LTD and LTP.
The genome of a Late Pleistocene human from a Clovis burial site in western Montana.
Inhibition of miR-25 improves cardiac contractility in the failing heart.
Clonal evolution in breast cancer revealed by single nucleus genome sequencing.
Single-cell RNA-seq reveals dynamic paracrine control of cellular variation.
A single low-energy, iron-poor supernova as the source of metals in the star SMSS J031300. 36-670839.3.
The role of senescent cells in ageing.
A quantum gate between a flying optical photon and a single trapped atom.
Fate mapping analysis reveals that adult microglia derive from primitive macrophages.
Quantifying E. coli proteome and transcriptome with single-molecule sensitivity in single cells.
Rational design of envelope identifies broadly neutralizing human monoclonal antibodies to HIV-1.
mTOR-dependent synapse formation underlies the rapid antidepressant effects of NMDA antagonists.
Unidirectional emission of a quantum dot coupled to a nanoantenna.
Regulation of cellular metabolism by protein lysine acetylation.
Drought-induced reduction in global terrestrial net primary production from 2000 through 2009.
Significant acidification in major Chinese croplands.
CRISPR/Cas, the immune system of bacteria and archaea.
Two-dimensional phonon transport in supported graphene.
A synaptic laminincalcium channel interaction organizes active zones in motor nerve terminals.
The evolution of alternative parasitic life histories in large blue butterflies.
Sex differences in learning in chimpanzees.
The role of barren stalk1 in the architecture of maize.
Predicting disease using genomics.
Biodiversity conservation: uncertainty in predictions of extinction risk.
No enhancement of fusion probability by the neutron halo of 6He.
Experimental evidence for apparent competition in a tropical forest food web.
Release of gold-bearing fluids in convergent margin magmas prompted by magnetite crystallization.
An ultra-relativistic outflow from a neutron star accreting gas from a companion.
Three Gorges Dam: into the unknown.
Quantum computation as geometry.
Evolution. The origin of insects.
Near-infrared spectral results of asteroid Itokawa from the Hayabusa spacecraft.
Cold-seep mollusks are older than the general marine mollusk fauna.
Ammonia channel couples glutaminase with transamidase reactions in GatCAB.
Role of noradrenergic signaling by the nucleus tractus solitarius in mediating opiate reward.
Cdx2 gene expression and trophectoderm lineage specification in mouse embryos.
A giant European dinosaur and a new sauropod clade.
High-resolution three-dimensional imaging of dislocations.
Crystal structure of the calcium pump of sarcoplasmic reticulum at 2.6  resolution.
Nanomechanical oscillations in a single-C60 transistor.
Adhesive force of a single gecko foot-hair.
A peptide vaccination prevents memory loss in an animal model of Alzheimer's disease.
A Drosophila model of Parkinson's disease.
A peptide immunization reduces behavioural impairment and plaques in a model of Alzheimer's disease.
Large-scale synthesis of a silicon photonic crystal with a complete three-dimensional bandgap near 1.5 micrometres.
Electric-field control of ferromagnetism.
Genomic analysis of metastasis reveals an essential role for RhoC.
The genome sequence of the food-borne pathogen Campylobacter jejuni reveals hypervariable sequences.
Nonlinear lattice dynamics as a basis for enhanced superconductivity in YBa2Cu3O6. 5.
Global covariation of carbon turnover times with climate in terrestrial ecosystems.
Producing more grain with lower environmental costs.
Saturation editing of genomic regions by multiplex homology-directed repair.
Presynaptic inhibition of spinal sensory feedback ensures smooth movement.
Enhanced neonatal Fc receptor function improves protection against primate SHIV infection.
OSCA1 mediates osmotic-stress-evoked Ca2+ increases vital for osmosensing in Arabidopsis.
Gibbon genome and the fast karyotype evolution of small apes.
Adenosine activates brown adipose tissue and recruits beige adipocytes via A2A receptors.
Australian tropical cyclone activity lower than at any time over the past 550-1,500 years.
Tau suppression in a neurodegenerative mouse model improves memory function.
Transcriptional maps of 10 human chromosomes at 5-nucleotide resolution.
Porous, crystalline, covalent organic frameworks.
The genome of the kinetoplastid parasite, Leishmania major.
Noise in gene expression: origins, consequences, and control.
Ecosystem service supply and vulnerability to global change in Europe.
Causal protein-signaling networks derived from multiparameter single-cell data.
Impact of humans on the flux of terrestrial sediment to the global coastal ocean.
Farming and the fate of wild nature.
The genome sequence of Trypanosoma cruzi, etiologic agent of Chagas disease.
Comment on" Chromosomal speciation and molecular divergence-accelerated evolution in rearranged chromosomes".
Long-range paternal gene flow in the southern elephant seal.
Microtubule asymmetry.
There's something curious about paternal-age effects.
Evidence for black holes.
The Sun and heliosphere at solar maximum.
Impact ejecta layer from the Mid-Devonian: possible connection to global mass extinctions.
Poultry genetic resourcesoperation rescue needed.
Lymphatics make the break.
An agonist of toll-like receptor 5 has radioprotective activity in mouse and primate models.
Picosecond coherent optical manipulation of a single electron spin in a quantum dot.
Stimuli-responsive polymer nanocomposites inspired by the sea cucumber dermis.
The psychology of transcending the here and now.
BOLD responses reflecting dopaminergic signals in the human ventral tegmental area.
Generation and regeneration of cells of the liver and pancreas.
The serine protease TMPRSS6 is required to sense iron deficiency.
Natural streams and the legacy of water-powered mills.
Maternal alloantigens promote the development of tolerogenic fetal regulatory T cells in utero.
The antisense transcriptomes of human cells.
Activation of integrin IIb3 by modulation of transmembrane helix associations.
Age estimates of globular clusters in the Milky Way: Constraints on cosmology.
Melt segregation and strain partitioning: implications for seismic anisotropy and mantle flow.
Evidence for persistent flow and aqueous sedimentation on early Mars.
Rewiring MAP kinase pathways using alternative scaffold assembly mechanisms.
Balancing selection at the prion protein gene consistent with prehistoric kurulike epidemics.
Modulation of ATP-dependent chromatin-remodeling complexes by inositol polyphosphates.
Grain boundary scars and spherical crystallography.
Hox10 and Hox11 genes are required to globally pattern the mammalian skeleton.
Microfluidic memory and control devices.
APP binds DR6 to trigger axon pruning and neuron death via distinct caspases.
Recent progress in the biology and physiology of sirtuins.
HDAC2 negatively regulates memory formation and synaptic plasticity.
Mutational evolution in a lobular breast tumour profiled at single nucleotide resolution.
Tankyrase inhibition stabilizes axin and antagonizes Wnt signalling.
Warming caused by cumulative carbon emissions towards the trillionth tonne.
A p53-mediated DNA damage response limits reprogramming to ensure iPS cell genomic integrity.
The velocity of climate change.
Self-assembly of a nanoscale DNA box with a controllable lid.
The Ink4/Arf locus is a barrier for iPS cell reprogramming.
Single neurons in prefrontal cortex encode abstract rules.
Caterpillar-induced nocturnal plant volatiles repel conspecific females.
Unexpected diversity of small eukaryotes in deep-sea Antarctic plankton.
Rapid X-ray flaring from the direction of the supermassive black hole at the Galactic Centre.
The DNA replication checkpoint response stabilizes stalled replication forks.
A genomic perspective on membrane compartment organization.
Strong coherence between solar variability and the monsoon in Oman between 9 and 6 kyr ago.
Parallel adaptive radiations in two major clades of placental mammals.
A metabolic enzyme for S-nitrosothiol conserved from bacteria to humans.
Energetics of ion conduction through the K&plus; channel.
A physical, genetic and functional sequence assembly of the barley genome.
Exercise-induced BCL2-regulated autophagy is required for muscle glucose homeostasis.
Quantum-coherent coupling of a mechanical oscillator to an optical cavity mode.
Structure and dynamics of the M3 muscarinic acetylcholine receptor.
Recent contributions of glaciers and ice caps to sea level rise.
Reductive carboxylation supports growth in tumour cells with defective mitochondria.
The translational landscape of mTOR signalling steers cancer initiation and metastasis.
Defining the mode of tumour growth by clonal analysis.
Structure of the -opioid receptor bound to naltrindole.
Global convergence in the vulnerability of forests to drought.
Self-propagation of pathogenic protein aggregates in neurodegenerative diseases.
MicroRNA-34a regulates cardiac ageing and function.
Derivation of novel human ground state naive pluripotent stem cells.
The genesis and source of the H7N9 influenza viruses causing human infections in China.
Intestinal label-retaining cells are secretory precursors expressing Lgr5.
Control of somatic tissue differentiation by the long non-coding RNA TINCR.
Concurrent activation of striatal direct and indirect pathways during action initiation.
The African coelacanth genome provides insights into tetrapod evolution.
Genomic variation landscape of the human gut microbiome.
Globally networked risks and how to respond.
Simultaneous femtosecond X-ray spectroscopy and diffraction of photosystem II at room temperature.
A population of fast radio bursts at cosmological distances.
Social influence bias: A randomized experiment.
The origins of scaling in cities.
Photonic spin Hall effect at metasurfaces.
Epithelial plasticity: a common theme in embryonic and cancer cells.
Antibodies in HIV-1 vaccine development and therapy.
Rational HIV immunogen design to target specific germline B cell receptors.
The intestinal microbiota modulates the anticancer immune effects of cyclophosphamide.
Dilute concentrations of a psychiatric drug alter behavior of fish from natural populations.
By carrot or by stick: cognitive reinforcement learning in parkinsonism.
Post-perovskite phase transition in MgSiO3.
The structure of the first coordination shell in liquid water.
Systems biology and new technologies enable predictive and preventative medicine.
Lysosomal glycosphingolipid recognition by NKT cells.
Synthetic mammalian prions.
ATP-driven exchange of histone H2AZ variant catalyzed by SWR1 chromatin remodeling complex.
Enhancement of ferroelectricity in strained BaTiO3 thin films.
Aligned multiwalled carbon nanotube membranes.
Small interfering RNA-induced transcriptional gene silencing in human cells.
Gene therapy: X-SCID transgene leukaemogenicity.
Structural basis of cell surface receptor recognition by botulinum neurotoxin B.
Development of the signal in sensory rhodopsin and its transfer to the cognate transducer.
Real-time observation of trigger factor function on translating ribosomes.
Mechanochemical analysis of DNA gyrase using rotor bead tracking.
Nuclear isomers in superheavy elements as stepping stones towards the island of stability.
Epigenetic silencers and Notch collaborate to promote malignant tumours by Rb silencing.
Selective elimination of messenger RNA prevents an incidence of untimely meiosis.
Discovery of a magma chamber and faults beneath a Mid-Atlantic Ridge hydrothermal field.
Unravelling the dynamics of RNA degradation by ribonuclease II and its RNA-bound complex.
Specificity of sensorymotor connections encoded by Sema3ePlxnd1 recognition.
An Early Cretaceous heterodontosaurid dinosaur with filamentous integumentary structures.
Enterotoxigenic Escherichia coli EtpA mediates adhesion between flagella and host cells.
Dynamic expression of epidermal caspase 8 simulates a wound healing response.
Kinetochore geometry defined by cohesion within the centromere.
A viscosity-enhanced mechanism for biogenic ocean mixing.
Two distinct sequences of blue straggler stars in the globular cluster M 30.
Division and apoptosis of E2f-deficient retinal progenitors.
A simple model of bipartite cooperation for ecological and organizational networks.
Systems chemistry: Molecular networks come of age.
[C] Just Do It!! Michelle Obama Inks $50 Million Dollar Deal with Nike for School Fitness Initiative.
[C] New JetPack available to the public, get yours today!!.
If you're a Business Owner or Consumer, Here's How To Take Advantage of Google Offers.
[C] Self Driving Taxis Installed At London's Heathrow Airport.
Exploration of the thermally prepared iridium oxide (IrO 2) and tantalum pentoxide (Ta 2 O 5) coated titanium anode in the oxygen evolution reactions (OER).
Bear Grylls Returns on Discovery Channel International, Then Will Go To New Contract with NBC.
Water and life: seeking the solution.
Gene regulation: kissing chromosomes.
Wartime tactic doubles power of scarce bird-flu drug.
First evidence of a venom delivery apparatus in extinct mammals.
Beta-blockers tackle memories of horror.
Avian flu special: What's in the medicine cabinet?.
Genetics: the X factor.
Let us go forth and safely multiply.
Food-web topology: Universal scaling in food-web structure?.
Synthetic chemistry: Making a natural fuel cell.
Mechanistic considerations of halogenating enzymes.
ABIN-1 is a ubiquitin sensor that restricts cell death and sustains embryonic development.
Rapid heating of the atmosphere of an extrasolar planet.
Role for Spi-C in the development of red pulp macrophages and splenic iron homeostasis.
Genetic architecture of mouse skin inflammation and tumour susceptibility.
Enrichment by supernovae in globular clusters with multiple populations.
Fifty years of pheromones.
Early assembly of the most massive galaxies.
Variable Quaternary chemical weathering fluxes and imbalances in marine geochemical budgets.
Distinct sensory representations of wind and near-field sound in the Drosophila brain.
Fungal roles in soil ecology: underground networking.
Genomics: guilt by association.
Developmental biology: a chordate with a difference.
Photonics: rogue waves surface in light.
Palaeoanthropology: The coast in colour.
Inconsistent correlation of seismic layer 2a and lava layer thickness in oceanic crust.
Many lives in many worlds.
A clash of two cultures.
Human genetics: variants in common diseases.
Increased terrestrial methane cycling at the PalaeoceneEocene thermal maximum.
Tracking metastasis and tricking cancer.
Volcanism on Mars controlled by early oxidation of the upper mantle.
Physiology: Inflammation links ageing to the brain.
Neurobiology: brain mapping in high resolution.
A chain mechanism for flagellum growth.
Digit loss in archosaur evolution and the interplay between selection and constraints.
Unsynchronised subunit motion in single trimeric sodium-coupled aspartate transporters.
Cell biology: receptor signals come in waves.
Themis sets the signal threshold for positive and negative selection in T-cell development.
The library reboot.
Quantitative dynamics and binding studies of the 20S proteasome by NMR.
Control of alternative RNA splicing and gene expression by eukaryotic riboswitches.
CD38 is critical for social behaviour by regulating oxytocin secretion.
The structural basis of calcium transport by the calcium pump.
Herpesvirus latency confers symbiotic protection from bacterial infection.
Identification of protein pheromones that promote aggressive behaviour.
'Infotaxis' as a strategy for searching without gradients.
Comparison of the Hanbury BrownTwiss effect for bosons and fermions.
Chromatin remodelling at promoters suppresses antisense transcription.
An efflux transporter of silicon in rice.
[C] When Google got flu wrong..
Synthetic analog computation in living cells.
Social reward requires coordinated activity of nucleus accumbens oxytocin and serotonin.
Isolation and characterization of a bat SARS-like coronavirus that uses the ACE2 receptor.
Molecular basis of binding between novel human coronavirus MERS-CoV and its receptor CD26.
Abundant SAR11 viruses in the ocean.
GLUTAMATE RECEPTOR-LIKE genes mediate leaf-to-leaf wound signalling.
Anaerobic oxidation of methane coupled to nitrate reduction in a novel archaeal lineage.
Modulation of allostery by protein intrinsic disorder.
Atmospheric oxygenation three billion years ago.
SMN2 splicing modifiers improve motor function and longevity in mice with spinal muscular atrophy.
A direct quantitative measure of surface mobility in a glassy polymer.
Timing mechanism dependent on cell division is invoked by Polycomb eviction in plant stem cells.
Light-induced collective pseudospin precession resonating with Higgs mode in a superconductor.
Somites without a clock.
The Drosophila circadian clock is a variably coupled network of multiple peptidergic units.
Global diversity and geography of soil fungi.
The coffee genome provides insight into the convergent evolution of caffeine biosynthesis.
Dynamic reorganization of river basins.
Interneurons from embryonic development to cell-based therapy.
Physical one-way functions.
Lead isotopic ages of chondrules and calcium-aluminum-rich inclusions.
Ablation of insulin-producing neurons in flies: growth and diabetic phenotypes.
Global air pollution crossroads over the Mediterranean.
Rapid wastage of Alaska glaciers and their contribution to rising sea level.
Systemic RNAi in C. elegans requires the putative transmembrane protein SID-1.
Structure of HP1 chromodomain bound to a lysine 9-methylated histone H3 tail.
Hydrogen clusters in clathrate hydrate.
Photothermal imaging of nanometer-sized metal particles among scatterers.
MAP kinase phosphatase as a locus of flexibility in a mitogen-activated protein kinase signaling network.
Proline-catalysed Mannich reactions of acetaldehyde.
Sarcolemma-localized nNOS is required to maintain activity after mild exercise.
The dynamics of measles in sub-Saharan Africa.
Agulhas leakage dynamics affects decadal variability in Atlantic overturning circulation.
A modular switch for spatial Ca2+ selectivity in the calmodulin regulation of CaV channels.
Palaeotemperature trend for Precambrian life inferred from resurrected proteins.
Platelet-derived growth factor-&agr; receptor activation is required for human cytomegalovirus infection.
Central role of detachment faults in accretion of slow-spreading oceanic lithosphere.
Minimally invasive high-speed imaging of sarcomere contractile dynamics in mice and humans.
A tale of two citations.
Using cell-to-cell variabilitya new era in molecular biology.
Silicon isotope evidence against an enstatite chondrite Earth.
Epithelial nitration by a peroxidase/NOX5 system mediates mosquito antiplasmodial immunity.
Reticulated nanoporous polymers by controlled polymerization-induced microphase separation.
UV dosage levels in summer: increased risk of ozone loss from convectively injected water vapor.
Body-wave imaging of earth's mantle discontinuities from ambient seismic noise.
Soft matter models of developing tissues and tumors.
Gold-catalyzed direct arylation.
Climate negotiators create an opportunity for scholars.
Scaling hetero-epitaxy from layers to three-dimensional crystals.
Direct and indirect effects of resource quality on food web structure.
Origin of stem cells in organogenesis.
Evolution of eukaryotic transcription circuits.
Modulation of gene expression via disruption of NF-B signaling by a bacterial small molecule.
Atomlike, Hollow-CoreBound Molecular Orbitals of C60.
Languages evolve in punctuational bursts.
Ecosystem disturbance, carbon, and climate.
Preschool influences on mathematics achievement.
Imaging nucleophilic substitution dynamics.
Conditional dynamics of interacting quantum dots.
It's all about me.
Particle dark matter in the universe: at the brink of discovery?.
[C] Massive microbial sequence project proposed.
[C] The greening of plant genomics.
Gene transfer an unlikely contributor to patient's death.
Amid debate, gene-based cancer test approved.
Hypoxia-inducible factor 1 (HIF-1) pathway.
[DOC][DOC] Education Forum.
Plasticity of the aging brain: new directions in cognitive neuroscience.
De novo design of a transmembrane Zn2+-transporting four-helix bundle.
Environmental filtering explains variation in plant diversity along resource gradients.
Role of synaptic phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase in a behavioral learning response in C. elegans.
Estimating the Ebola epidemic.
The Tropical Pacific OceanBack in the Driver's Seat?.
Breast cancer: a world of differences.
Risky ripples allow bats and frogs to eavesdrop on a multisensory sexual display.
Ligand binding to the FeMo-cofactor: Structures of CO-bound and reactivated nitrogenase.
Journals unite for reproducibility.
Observation of Brownian motion in liquids at short times: instantaneous velocity and memory loss.
Mapping the cellular response to small molecules using chemogenomic fitness signatures.
A viral RNA structural element alters host recognition of nonself RNA.
The science of sustainable supply chains.
Electron microscopy of gold nanoparticles at atomic resolution.
Raw personal data: providing access.
Structural basis for protein antiaggregation activity of the trigger factor chaperone.
Transmissible dog cancer genome reveals the origin and history of an ancient cell lineage.
Nucleocytoplasmic shuttling of a GATA transcription factor functions as a development timer.
Targeted enhancement of cortical-hippocampal brain networks and associative memory.
Gastric cancer screening of a highrisk population in Japan using serum pepsinogen and barium digital radiography.
Breast cancer resistance protein: molecular target for anticancer drug resistance and pharmacokinetics/pharmacodynamics.
Identification of hemoglobin and subunits as potential serum biomarkers for the diagnosis and prognosis of ovarian cancer.
Utilization of terrestrial organic matter by the bivalve Corbicula japonica estimated from stable isotope analysis.
Targeting Id1 and Id3 inhibits peritoneal metastasis of gastric cancer.
Effect of dietary taurine supplementation on growth performance of yellowtail juveniles Seriola quinqueradiata.
Microsatellite markers derived from bay scallop Argopecten irradians expressed sequence tags.
Comparing MODIS vegetation indices with AVHRR NDVI for monitoring the forage quantity and quality in Inner Mongolia grassland, China.
Effect of taurine supplemented practical diet on growth performance and taurine contents in whole body and tissues of juvenile Japanese flounder Paralichthys  .
Ataxiatelangiectasiamutated dependent phosphorylation of Artemis in response to DNA damage.
A population of comets in the main asteroid belt.
Old-growth forests can accumulate carbon in soils.
Auxiliary subunits assist AMPA-type glutamate receptors.
Conservation of RET regulatory function from human to zebrafish without sequence similarity.
Middle Paleolithic shell beads in Israel and Algeria.
From plant traits to plant communities: a statistical mechanistic approach to biodiversity.
Synaptic amplifier of inflammatory pain in the spinal dorsal horn.
Rapid advance of spring arrival dates in long-distance migratory birds.
FG-rich repeats of nuclear pore proteins form a three-dimensional meshwork with hydrogel-like properties.
Probing cellular chemistry in biological systems with microelectrodes.
ROS3 is an RNA-binding protein required for DNA demethylation in Arabidopsis.
T-cell-expressed proprotein convertase furin is essential for maintenance of peripheral immune tolerance.
Life, logic and information.
The coevolution of choosiness and cooperation.
A discontinuous hammerhead ribozyme embedded in a mammalian messenger RNA.
The abundance threshold for plague as a critical percolation phenomenon.
Scaling the Kondo lattice.
Tolerance strategies for stem-cell-based therapies.
Moving AHEAD with an international human epigenome project.
Functional asymmetry in Caenorhabditis elegans taste neurons and its computational role in chemotaxis.
Single-atom spin-flip spectroscopy.
A plant vacuolar protease, VPE, mediates virus-induced hypersensitive cell death.
Boron nitride nanomesh.
Defective telomere lagging strand synthesis in cells lacking WRN helicase activity.
Age and timing of the Permian mass extinctions: U/Pb dating of closed-system zircons.
Characterization of a common susceptibility locus for asthma-related traits.
14C activity and global carbon cycle changes over the past 50,000 years.
Lack of a fusion requirement for development of bone marrow-derived epithelia.
Retrotransposon-induced mutations in grape skin color.
Reverse methanogenesis: testing the hypothesis with environmental genomics.
Entangling macroscopic diamonds at room temperature.
Giant piezoelectricity on Si for hyperactive MEMS.
Circumstellar material in type Ia supernovae via sodium absorption features.
Small interannual variability of global atmospheric hydroxyl.
Writing about testing worries boosts exam performance in the classroom.
Information transduction capacity of noisy biochemical signaling networks.
Start of the Wilson cycle at 3 Ga shown by diamonds from subcontinental mantle.
Translation-independent localization of mRNA in E. coli.
Improving validation practices in omics research.
Early tagging of cortical networks is required for the formation of enduring associative memory.
Ribosomes help careful protein folding.
Using ancient protein kinases to unravel a modern cancer drug's mechanism.
Encouraging sanitation investment in the developing world: A cluster-randomized trial.
Obtaining optical properties on demand.
MicroRNA control of protein expression noise.
A four-legged snake from the Early Cretaceous of Gondwana.
Extended-resolution structured illumination imaging of endocytic and cytoskeletal dynamics.
Exceptionally low daily energy expenditure in the bamboo-eating giant panda.
Molecular go signals reveal their secrets.
On being the right (cell) size.
Confined crystallization of polyethylene oxide in nanolayer assemblies.
Controlling the velocity of light pulses.
Laser tunnel ionization from multiple orbitals in HCl.
Water and the oxidation state of subduction zone magmas.
Energy-efficient action potentials in hippocampal mossy fibers.
Biodiversity conservation and the millennium development goals.
Isolation of a C5-deprotonated imidazolium, a crystalline abnormal N-heterocyclic carbene.
High-frequency Holocene glacier fluctuations in New Zealand differ from the northern signature.
Elemental composition of the Martian crust.
Jmjd6 catalyses lysyl-hydroxylation of U2AF65, a protein associated with RNA splicing.
Autonomous regulation of the anaphase-promoting complex couples mitosis to S-phase entry.
A conformational switch controls hepatitis delta virus ribozyme catalysis.
A superconductor to superfluid phase transition in liquid metallic hydrogen.
A humid climate state during the Palaeocene/Eocene thermal maximum.
Device physics: the optical age of silicon.
Hedgehog signalling activity of Smoothened requires phosphorylation by protein kinase A and casein kinase I.
DNA sequence and comparative analysis of chimpanzee chromosome 22.
Strong hemispheric coupling of glacial climate through freshwater discharge and ocean circulation.
Bilayer-dependent inhibition of mechanosensitive channels by neuroactive peptide enantiomers.
Tumour suppression: disruption of HAUSP gene stabilizes p53.
Universities need a new social contract.
Climate change: Beyond the CO2 connection.
Pandemics: good hygiene is not enough.
Science journalism: Too close for comfort.
Carbon cycle: Fickle trends in the ocean.
Separate name for fungus's sexual stage may cause confusion.
Nitrogen cycle: oceans apart.
Cancer: A tumour gene's fatal flaws.
Invasion biology is a discipline that's too young to die.
-Arrestinmediated localization of Smoothened to the primary cilium.
Bats limit insects in a neotropical agroforestry system.
Four-jointed is a Golgi kinase that phosphorylates a subset of cadherin domains.
Neurokinin 1 receptor antagonism as a possible therapy for alcoholism.
Matching glass-forming ability with the density of the amorphous phase.
A mosquito goes global.
Wnt5a control of cell polarity and directional movement by polarized redistribution of adhesion receptors.
Imaging of transient structures using nanosecond in situ TEM.
Orrorin tugenensis femoral morphology and the evolution of hominin bipedalism.
Breakdown of an ant-plant mutualism follows the loss of large herbivores from an African savanna.
MESSENGER observations of magnetic reconnection in Mercury's magnetosphere.
An experimental design method leading to chemical Turing patterns.
tasselseed1 is a lipoxygenase affecting jasmonic acid signaling in sex determination of maize.
Polymorphic butterfly reveals the missing link in ecological speciation.
Multiscale modeling of form and function.
Asymmetric autocatalysis triggered by carbon isotope (13C/12C) chirality.
Mesotocin and nonapeptide receptors promote estrildid flocking behavior.
Driving on biomass.
Nanodiamonds in the Younger Dryas boundary sediment layer.
Geochemistry: A matter of preservation.
Conditional telomerase induction causes proliferation of hair follicle stem cells.
Base stacking controls excited-state dynamics in A T DNA.
FGF-induced vesicular release of Sonic hedgehog and retinoic acid in leftward nodal flow is critical for leftright determination.
Organelle identity and the signposts for membrane traffic.
Role of the proto-oncogene Pokemon in cellular transformation and ARF repression.
A pentatricopeptide repeat protein is essential for RNA editing in chloroplasts.
Agricultural runoff fuels large phytoplankton blooms in vulnerable areas of the ocean.
Green chemistry: Reversible nonpolar-to-polar solvent.
Evasion of the p53 tumour surveillance network by tumour-derived MYC mutants.
Algae acquire vitamin B12 through a symbiotic relationship with bacteria.
Magnetization vector manipulation by electric fields.
A role for adult TLX-positive neural stem cells in learning and behaviour.
Crystal structures of oseltamivir-resistant influenza virus neuraminidase mutants.
Magnetic resonance imaging of pH in vivo using hyperpolarized 13C-labelled bicarbonate.
Estimating the impact of school closure on influenza transmission from Sentinel data.
A BCS-like gap in the superconductor SmFeAsO0. 85F0. 15.
The ectodomain of Toll-like receptor 9 is cleaved to generate a functional receptor.
Brain metabolism dictates the polarity of astrocyte control over arterioles.
Functional genomic screen reveals genes involved in lipid-droplet formation and utilization.
Event-horizon-scale structure in the supermassive black hole candidate at the Galactic Centre.
Termination of autophagy and reformation of lysosomes regulated by mTOR.
The architecture of respiratory complex I.
Signatures of mutation and selection in the cancer genome.
Neurogenic radial glia in the outer subventricular zone of human neocortex.
Ataxin-2 intermediate-length polyglutamine expansions are associated with increased risk for ALS.
Relationship between nucleosome positioning and DNA methylation.
Ancient human genome sequence of an extinct Palaeo-Eskimo.
Dysfunction in GABA signalling mediates autism-like stereotypies and Rett syndrome phenotypes.
The Ectocarpus genome and the independent evolution of multicellularity in brown algae.
Genome-wide RNAi screen identifies human host factors crucial for influenza virus replication.
Intelligent design: Who has designs on your students' minds?.
Terrestrial nitrogen and noble gases in lunar soils.
Space geodetic evidence for rapid strain rates in the New Madrid seismic zone of central USA.
Sporting contests: Seeing red? Putting sportswear in context.
Oscillatory motion: Quantum whistling in superfluid helium-4.
A large population of galaxies 9 to 12 billion years back in the history of the Universe.
Climate science: the dustiest place on Earth.
Controlling avian flu at the source.
Image manipulation: CSI: cell biology.
AcehAndaman earthquake: What happened and what's next?.
NIH public access policy.
Science at the leading edge.
Chemistry with nanoscale perfection.
Chondrules with peculiar REE patterns: Implications for solar nebular condensation at high C/O.
Millennium's hottest decade retains its title, for now.
Experts find no evidence for a mammoth-killer impact.
Electron coherence in a melting lead monolayer.
The giant impact formation of the Moon.
Response to Comment on" Contributions of anthropogenic and natural forcing to recent tropopause height changes".
Genomic analysis of the clonal origins of relapsed acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Plant immunity requires conformational charges of NPR1 via S-nitrosylation and thioredoxins.
The eukaryotic genome as an RNA machine.
Disruption of the CFTR gene produces a model of cystic fibrosis in newborn pigs.
Endogenous siRNAs derived from transposons and mRNAs in Drosophila somatic cells.
Vaccinia virus uses macropinocytosis and apoptotic mimicry to enter host cells.
Relation between obesity and blunted striatal response to food is moderated by TaqIA A1 allele.
Policies designed for self-interested citizens may undermine" the moral sentiments": Evidence from economic experiments.
Suppression of cotton bollworm in multiple crops in China in areas with Bt toxincontaining cotton.
Membrane phosphatidylserine regulates surface charge and protein localization.
T cell death and memory.
The soft science of dietary fat.
Human chromosome 19 and related regions in mouse: conservative and lineage-specific evolution.
The Archean Dongwanzi ophiolite complex, North China Craton: 2.505-billion-year-old oceanic crust and mantle.
A mite species that consists entirely of haploid females.
Principles for measurement of chemical exposure based on recognition-driven anchoring transitions in liquid crystals.
T cell responses modulated through interaction between CD8 and the nonclassical MHC class I molecule, TL.
Evolution of cell recognition by viruses.
Fermi surface sheet-dependent superconductivity in 2H-NbSe2.
Structure of Arp2/3 complex in its activated state and in actin filament branch junctions.
A synthetic genemetabolic oscillator.
Stargazin modulates AMPA receptor gating and trafficking by distinct domains.
Insight into the 2004 SumatraAndaman earthquake from GPS measurements in southeast Asia.
Nanotechnology: High-speed integrated nanowire circuits.
Experimental investigation of geologically produced antineutrinos with KamLAND.
Prospects for a vaccine against the hepatitis C virus.
Plastid proteins crucial for symbiotic fungal and bacterial entry into plant roots.
How the Venus flytrap snaps.
Regulation of PDGF signalling and vascular remodelling by peroxiredoxin II.
The Lyme disease agent exploits a tick protein to infect the mammalian host.
Coordinated regulation of Arabidopsis thaliana development by light and gibberellins.
Gelation of particles with short-range attraction.
Two-band superconductivity in LaFeAsO0. 89F0. 11 at very high magnetic fields.
MicroRNAs expressed by herpes simplex virus 1 during latent infection regulate viral mRNAs.
Essential role for Nix in autophagic maturation of erythroid cells.
Secondary mutations as a mechanism of cisplatin resistance in BRCA2-mutated cancers.
Direct evidence of extensive diversity of HIV-1 in Kinshasa by 1960.
p53 and Pten control neural and glioma stem/progenitor cell renewal and differentiation.
Template-directed synthesis of a genetic polymer in a model protocell.
Stem-cell-based therapy and lessons from the heart.
Infectivity, transmission, and pathology of human-isolated H7N9 influenza virus in ferrets and pigs.
Crystal structure of a soluble cleaved HIV-1 envelope trimer.
Nanoscale nuclear magnetic resonance with a nitrogen-vacancy spin sensor.
Nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy on a (5-nanometer) 3 sample volume.
Targeted inhibition of mutant IDH2 in leukemia cells induces cellular differentiation.
Nuclear lamin-A scales with tissue stiffness and enhances matrix-directed differentiation.
Structural features for functional selectivity at serotonin receptors.
One-dimensional electrical contact to a two-dimensional material.
Natively inhibited Trypanosoma brucei cathepsin B structure determined by using an X-ray laser.
Poverty impedes cognitive function.
Epigenetic reprogramming that prevents transgenerational inheritance of the vernalized state.
Loss of signalling via G [agr] 13 in germinal centre B-cell-derived lymphoma.
Widespread mixing and burial of Earth/'s Hadean crust by asteroid impacts.
Promoter sequences direct cytoplasmic localization and translation of mRNAs during starvation in yeast.
[C] Cellulosic ethanol fights for life..
[C] Elsevier opens its papers to text-mining.
Lithium-antimony-lead liquid metal battery for grid-level energy storage.
Jam1a-Jam2a interactions regulate haematopoietic stem cell fate through Notch signalling.
Structure and insights into the function of a Ca2+-activated Cl-channel.
Allogeneic IgG combined with dendritic cell stimuli induce antitumour T-cell immunity.
Treatment naive.
Catalysis: Dual catalysis at the flick of a switch.
Nuclear architecture dictates HIV-1 integration site selection.
[C] Molecular biology: Rap and chirp about X inactivation.
PIK3CAH1047R induces multipotency and multi-lineage mammary tumours.
Propagation of conformational changes during [mgr]-opioid receptor activation.
Oxytocin enables maternal behaviour by balancing cortical inhibition.
Neuroscience: Halving it all.
Planetary science: A new recipe for Earth formation.
Preventing the return of fear in humans using reconsolidation update mechanisms.
High-water-content mouldable hydrogels by mixing clay and a dendritic molecular binder.
The CRISPR/Cas bacterial immune system cleaves bacteriophage and plasmid DNA.
Chromatin remodelling during development.
Pericytes are required for blood-brain barrier integrity during embryogenesis.
Random numbers certified by Bell's theorem.
Loss-free and active optical negative-index metamaterials.
Thousands of chemical starting points for antimalarial lead identification.
Comparative genomics reveals mobile pathogenicity chromosomes in Fusarium.
Arthropod relationships revealed by phylogenomic analysis of nuclear protein-coding sequences.
Discovery of 12 satellites of Saturn exhibiting orbital clustering.
Antibiotic resistance: How wild are wild mammals?.
Public health: Screening slaughtered cattle for BSE.
Melt retention and segregation beneath mid-ocean ridges.
The draft sequences: filling in the gaps.
Microclimate: Formation of ozone by fireworks.
Superconductivity: copper oxides get charged up.
The impact of specialized enemies on the dimensionality of host dynamics.
Pattern formation: Instabilities in sand ripples.
Materials science: A pore view of corrosion.
Sandbars in motion.
[C] The structure of D. radiodurans.
Vaccine results lose significance under scrutiny.
Response to Comment on" Foraging Adaptation and the Relationship Between Food-Web Complexity and Stability".
RAC hears a plea for resuming trials, despite cancer risk.
Snapshots of water at work.
Planning for future energy resources.
Impact cratering comes of age.
Sediment yield estimates: a GIS tool.
Naturally occurring allele diversity allows potato cultivation in northern latitudes.
The bromodomain protein Brd4 insulates chromatin from DNA damage signalling.
Crystal structures of the calcium pump and sarcolipin in the Mg2+-bound E1 state.
Precision is essential for efficient catalysis in an evolved Kemp eliminase.
Climate science: Vast costs of Arctic change.
Robust twenty-first-century projections of El [thinsp] Nino and related precipitation variability.
High salt recruits aversive taste pathways.
Energy: A reality check on the shale revolution.
Selection and adaptation during metastatic cancer progression.
Ice-sheet mass balance and climate change.
Decoding reveals the contents of visual working memory in early visual areas.
The economy needs agent-based modelling.
Coordination of Rho GTPase activities during cell protrusion.
Origin and function of ubiquitin-like proteins.
Molecular networks as sensors and drivers of common human diseases.
Allergenicity resulting from functional mimicry of a Toll-like receptor complex protein.
Discovery of Atg5/Atg7-independent alternative macroautophagy.
GRB 090423 at a redshift of z &ap; 8.1.
Warming of the Antarctic ice-sheet surface since the 1957 International Geophysical Year.
Unlocking the secrets of the genome.
The role of spin in the kinetic control of recombination in organic photovoltaics.
Policy: Classify plastic waste as hazardous.
Bacteria activate sensory neurons that modulate pain and inflammation.
Stretchable nanoparticle conductors with self-organized conductive pathways.
Non-optimal codon usage affects expression, structure and function of clock protein FRQ.
Self-assembling influenza nanoparticle vaccines elicit broadly neutralizing H1N1 antibodies.
Thymus-derived regulatory T cells contribute to tolerance to commensal microbiota.
Diabetic hyperglycaemia activates CaMKII and arrhythmias by O-linked glycosylation.
An archaeal origin of eukaryotes supports only two primary domains of life.
Chromatin dynamics during cellular reprogramming.
From a single-band metal to a high-temperature superconductor via two thermal phase transitions.
Implementing the quantum von Neumann architecture with superconducting circuits.
X-ray emission spectroscopy evidences a central carbon in the nitrogenase iron-molybdenum cofactor.
Negative epistasis between beneficial mutations in an evolving bacterial population.
Selective, nickel-catalyzed hydrogenolysis of aryl ethers.
The growth factor progranulin binds to TNF receptors and is therapeutic against inflammatory arthritis in mice.
Changes in climatic water balance drive downhill shifts in plant species' optimum elevations.
Preserved feedforward but impaired top-down processes in the vegetative state.
Predicting a human gut microbiota's response to diet in gnotobiotic mice.
The southern route Out of Africa: evidence for an early expansion of modern humans into Arabia.
The evolution of flexible parenting.
Conditional density-based analysis of T cell signaling in single-cell data.
Preservation of a preglacial landscape under the center of the Greenland Ice Sheet.
How to transform the practice of engineering to meet global health needs.
In New Report, IPCC Gets More Specific About Warming Risks.
The structure of interfacial water on gold electrodes studied by x-ray absorption spectroscopy.
Injection wells blamed in Oklahoma earthquakes.
Real-space imaging of the atomic-scale magnetic structure of Fe1+ yTe.
Solar nebula magnetic fields recorded in the Semarkona meteorite.
High hopes.
Dopamine-mushroom body circuit regulates saliency-based decision-making in Drosophila.
Coupling coherence distinguishes structure sensitivity in protein electron transfer.
Germ versus soma decisions: lessons from flies and worms.
Stabilization of labile carbonyl addition intermediates by a synthetic receptor.
Unexpected stability of Al4H6: a borane analog?.
Emergence of novel color vision in mice engineered to express a human cone photopigment.
A vestige of Earth's oldest ophiolite.
HIV-1 proviral DNA excision using an evolved recombinase.
Coupling diurnal cytosolic Ca2+ oscillations to the CAS-IP3 pathway in Arabidopsis.
Resonant amplification of magnetic domain-wall motion by a train of current pulses.
Printing proteins as microarrays for high-throughput function determination.
The complete atomic structure of the large ribosomal subunit at 2.4  resolution.
Monolithic microfabricated valves and pumps by multilayer soft lithography.
Neuronal plasticity: increasing the gain in pain.
Memory--a century of consolidation.
The evolutionary fate and consequences of duplicate genes.
Extreme oxygen sensitivity of electronic properties of carbon nanotubes.
Dissociating the role of the dorsolateral prefrontal and anterior cingulate cortex in cognitive control.
Impaired nociception and pain sensation in mice lacking the capsaicin receptor.
High-resolution inkjet printing of all-polymer transistor circuits.
Structure of class B GPCR corticotropin-releasing factor receptor 1.
A dust-obscured massive maximum-starburst galaxy at a redshift of 6.34.
Small molecule inhibition of the KRAS-PDE [dgr] interaction impairs oncogenic KRAS signalling.
Rev-Erbs repress macrophage gene expression by inhibiting enhancer-directed transcription.
Recalibrating Equus evolution using the genome sequence of an early Middle Pleistocene horse.
Altmetrics: Value all research products.
NANOG-dependent function of TET1 and TET2 in establishment of pluripotency.
Structure of the human glucagon class B G-protein-coupled receptor.
mTOR kinase structure, mechanism and regulation.
Digital cameras with designs inspired by the arthropod eye.
Peptide exosite inhibitors of factor VIIa as anticoagulants.
Reduction in the surface energy of liquid interfaces at short length scales.
Developmental cheating in the social bacterium Myxococcus xanthus.
Seismic hazard in the Marmara Sea region following the 17 August 1999 Izmit earthquake.
Genetic ablation reveals that the roof plate is essential for dorsal interneuron specification.
Molecular evidence regarding the origin of echolocation and flight in bats.
Mid-depth recirculation observed in the interior Labrador and Irminger seas by direct velocity measurements.
Widespread uplift and 'trapdoor'faulting on Galapagos volcanoes observed with radar interferometry.
PCNA connects DNA replication to epigenetic inheritance in yeast.
The crystal structure of the photoprotein aequorin at 2.3  resolution.
Large contribution of natural aerosols to uncertainty in indirect forcing.
Meis1 regulates postnatal cardiomyocyte cell cycle arrest.
Ovarian surface epithelium at the junction area contains a cancer-prone stem cell niche.
Promoter directionality is controlled by U1 snRNP and polyadenylation signals.
Paneth cells as a site of origin for intestinal inflammation.
mTORC1 couples immune signals and metabolic programming to establish Treg-cell function.
Neutrophil swarms require LTB4 and integrins at sites of cell death in vivo.
Rescuing cocaine-induced prefrontal cortex hypoactivity prevents compulsive cocaine seeking.
Topological colloids.
Chromatin connectivity maps reveal dynamic promoter-enhancer long-range associations.
Containing bioterrorist smallpox.
Emerging roles of presynaptic proteins in Ca++-triggered exocytosis.
Multiple roles of Arabidopsis VRN1 in vernalization and flowering time control.
The effects of media violence on society.
Sperm-female coevolution in Drosophila.
Spontaneous Bose coherence of excitons and polaritons.
The neurotrophin receptor p75NTR as a positive modulator of myelination.
Regulation of organogenesis by the Caenorhabditis elegans FoxA protein PHA-4.
Probing protein electrostatics with a synthetic fluorescent amino acid.
Global cooling after the eruption of Mount Pinatubo: A test of climate feedback by water vapor.
Condition-dependent transcriptome reveals high-level regulatory architecture in Bacillus subtilis.
Restoring voluntary control of locomotion after paralyzing spinal cord injury.
Innate lymphoid cells promote anatomical containment of lymphoid-resident commensal bacteria.
Recent explosive human population growth has resulted in an excess of rare genetic variants.
A major genome region underlying artemisinin resistance in malaria.
Topological transitions in metamaterials.
Ocean salinities reveal strong global water cycle intensification during 1950 to 2000.
Broadly neutralizing antibodies present new prospects to counter highly antigenically diverse viruses.
Atomic view of a toxic amyloid small oligomer.
Biased signaling pathways in 2-adrenergic receptor characterized by 19F-NMR.
Interference of quantized transition-state pathways in the H+ D2 D+ HD chemical reaction.
PPARs as therapeutic targets: reverse cardiology?.
Unraveling the molecular mechanisms of photoacidity.
Realizing the potential of the genome revolution: the genomes to life program.
Rethinking hydrogen cars.
Radar evidence for liquid surfaces on Titan.
Weather from the stratosphere.
An ostracode crustacean with soft parts from the Lower Silurian.
Surface-driven switching of liquid crystals using redox-active groups on electrodes.
14C dates from Tel Rehov: Iron-Age chronology, pharaohs, and Hebrew kings.
Positive feedback between PU. 1 and the cell cycle controls myeloid differentiation.
Resident neural stem cells restrict tissue damage and neuronal loss after spinal cord injury in mice.
A clock directly linking time to a particle's mass.
Science learning progressions.
The end of history illusion.
Crystal structure of Na+, K+-ATPase in the Na+-bound state.
Subangstrom resolution X-ray structure details aquaporin-water interactions.
Density triggers maternal hormones that increase adaptive offspring growth in a wild mammal.
Synchronous X-ray and radio mode switches: a rapid global transformation of the pulsar magnetosphere.
Hierarchical porous polymer scaffolds from block copolymers.
Arterial-venous segregation by selective cell sprouting: an alternative mode of blood vessel formation.
The role of stromal stem cells in tissue regeneration and wound repair.
Promoting interest and performance in high school science classes.
ER stress controls iron metabolism through induction of hepcidin.
Kepler's optical phase curve of the exoplanet HAT-P-7b.
The peopling of the Pacific from a bacterial perspective.
Fluxonium: Single cooper-pair circuit free of charge offsets.
Complete methods set for scalable ion trap quantum information processing.
Clear sky visibility has decreased over land globally from 1973 to 2007.
Persistent currents in normal metal rings.
Quantum gates and memory using microwave-dressed states.
Molecular organization of vomeronasal chemoreception.
A thymus candidate in lampreys.
Primary motor cortex underlies multi-joint integration for fast feedback control.
Crystal structure of a bacterial homologue of the bile acid sodium symporter ASBT.
Tissue models: a living system on a chip.
The oxidation state of Hadean magmas and implications for early Earth/'s atmosphere.
Structure of human mitochondrial RNA polymerase.
Parallel evolution of domesticated Caenorhabditis species targets pheromone receptor genes.
Submillimetre galaxies reside in dark matter haloes with masses greater than 3 [thinsp][times][thinsp] 1011 solar masses.
Coping with oxidative stress.
A 12  carotenoid translocation in a photoswitch associated with cyanobacterial photoprotection.
Rethinking the marine carbon cycle: Factoring in the multifarious lifestyles of microbes.
Universal solvent restructuring induced by colloidal nanoparticles.
Meet two new science spending cardinals in Congress.
Reversible centriole depletion with an inhibitor of Polo-like kinase 4.
Big science is hard but worth it.
Multiwavelength achromatic metasurfaces by dispersive phase compensation.
Planted forest health: The need for a global strategy.
Adaptive synergy between catechol and lysine promotes wet adhesion by surface salt displacement.
Will ocean fertilization work?.
Axons guided by insulin receptor in Drosophila visual system.
The impact of the pull of the recent on the history of marine diversity.
Spongiform degeneration in mahoganoid mutant mice.
The challenge of long-term climate change.
Illuminating the circadian clock in monarch butterfly migration.
Prokaryotic chromosomes and disease.
Facilitation of spinal NMDA receptor currents by spillover of synaptically released glycine.
Representation of action sequence boundaries by macaque prefrontal cortical neurons.
Early hominids--diversity or distortion?.
Regulatory role of SGT1 in early R gene-mediated plant defenses.
Evolution of supergene families associated with insecticide resistance.
Role of Hec1 in spindle checkpoint signaling and kinetochore recruitment of Mad1/Mad2.
Seismic images of crust and upper mantle beneath Tibet: evidence for Eurasian plate subduction.
Synthesis beyond the molecule.
Global allocation rules for patterns of biomass partitioning in seed plants.
Ideal pure shear strength of aluminum and copper.
A kinetic framework for a mammalian RNA polymerase in vivo.
Postsynaptic induction of BDNF-mediated long-term potentiation.
Germline stem cell transplantation and transgenesis.
Synthesis of macrocyclic natural products by catalyst-controlled stereoselective ring-closing metathesis.
In vitro centromere and kinetochore assembly on defined chromatin templates.
A heteromeric Texas coral snake toxin targets acid-sensing ion channels to produce pain.
Legionella pneumophila SidD is a deAMPylase that modifies Rab1.
Introduction: a smouldering public-health crisis.
TCM: made in China.
Entanglement in a solid-state spin ensemble.
Crystal structure of the FimD usher bound to its cognate FimC-FimH substrate.
The evolutionary context of the first hominins.
The endonuclease activity of Mili fuels piRNA amplification that silences LINE1 elements.
Control profiles of complex networks.
A paleogenomic perspective on evolution and gene function: new insights from ancient DNA.
Chromatin state dynamics during blood formation.
Quantum computations on a topologically encoded qubit.
Multiple dimensions of climate change and their implications for biodiversity.
Genomic diversity and admixture differs for Stone-Age Scandinavian foragers and farmers.
Crystal structures of nucleotide-free and glutathione-bound mitochondrial ABC transporter Atm1.
Ultrafast switching to a stable hidden quantum state in an electronic crystal.
Poly-dipeptides encoded by the C9orf72 repeats bind nucleoli, impede RNA biogenesis, and kill cells.
Epigenetic programming of monocyte-to-macrophage differentiation and trained innate immunity.
Evolutionary biology: A ratchet for protein complexity.
Public health: Towards a cure for HIV.
[C] Trouble at the text mine..
Misconduct is the main cause of life-sciences retractions.
Sequencing set to alter clinical landscape.
[C] We must set planetary boundaries wisely..
Genetics: searching for answers.
Proteomics: The interaction map.
Come into the light.
Climate science: Himalayan glaciers in the balance.
CREB regulates hepatic gluconeogenesis through the coactivator PGC-1.
Identification of the haemoglobin scavenger receptor.
Liquid crystalline spinning of spider silk.
Fabry-Perot interference in a nanotube electron waveguide.
Adipose-selective targeting of the GLUT4 gene impairs insulin action in muscle and liver.
Alternative energy technologies.
Visualizing the generation of memory CD4 T cells in the whole body.
A histone H3 methyltransferase controls DNA methylation in Neurospora crassa.
Auxin transport inhibitors block PIN1 cycling and vesicle trafficking.
Pathways to neuronal injury and apoptosis in HIV-associated dementia.
From birth to death: the complex lives of eukaryotic mRNAs.
Sex differences in the brain: implications for explaining autism.
Highly pathogenic H5N1 influenza virus infection in migratory birds.
Selective logging in the Brazilian Amazon.
Air pollution-related illness: effects of particles.
Adaptive coding of reward value by dopamine neurons.
A mutation in the TRPC6 cation channel causes familial focal segmental glomerulosclerosis.
Directed assembly of block copolymer blends into nonregular device-oriented structures.
Diabetes, obesity, and the brain.
Voltage sensor of Kv1. 2: structural basis of electromechanical coupling.
Significant contribution of Archaea to extant biomass in marine subsurface sediments.
DBC1 is a negative regulator of SIRT1.
Proteasome subunit Rpn13 is a novel ubiquitin receptor.
A role for VEGF as a negative regulator of pericyte function and vessel maturation.
The first hominin of Europe.
Imaging and dynamics of light atoms and molecules on graphene.
Direct control of paralysed muscles by cortical neurons.
Polo-like kinase-1 is activated by aurora A to promote checkpoint recovery.
Drosophila endogenous small RNAs bind to Argonaute 2 in somatic cells.
Negative regulation of the deacetylase SIRT1 by DBC1.
Creating a Science of the Web.
Predictive codes for forthcoming perception in the frontal cortex.
Changes in surface water supply across Africa with predicted climate change.
Common Kibra alleles are associated with human memory performance.
Synthesis and characterization of the nitrides of platinum and iridium.
A complex oscillating network of signaling genes underlies the mouse segmentation clock.
Localization of iron in Arabidopsis seed requires the vacuolar membrane transporter VIT1.
Reward timing in the primary visual cortex.
Epochal evolution shapes the phylodynamics of interpandemic influenza A (H3N2) in humans.
The Xist RNA gene evolved in eutherians by pseudogenization of a protein-coding gene.
Talin binding to integrin  tails: a final common step in integrin activation.
Decapping and decay of messenger RNA occur in cytoplasmic processing bodies.
Heterochromatin and epigenetic control of gene expression.
ARGONAUTE4 control of locus-specific siRNA accumulation and DNA and histone methylation.
Finding functional features in Saccharomyces genomes by phylogenetic footprinting.
Regulation of interferon regulatory factor-3 by the hepatitis C virus serine protease.
Social capital and the collective management of resources.
The ecology of arsenic.
Ultrahigh-density nanowire lattices and circuits.
A gene expression map of the Arabidopsis root.
Targeting isoprenylcysteine methylation ameliorates disease in a mouse model of progeria.
Evidence for a Symmetrical Fluoronium ion in Solution.
Reorganization of Southern Ocean plankton ecosystem at the onset of Antarctic glaciation.
The global plight of pollinators.
Varied response of western Pacific hydrology to climate forcings over the last glacial period.
Once and future climate change.
Prioritizing science education.
Not all about consumption.
Innovation and scientific funding.
Brood parasitism and the evolution of cooperative breeding in birds.
Interference among deleterious mutations favours sex and recombination in finite populations.
Oceanography: Plankton in a warmer world.
Unique features of action potential initiation in cortical neurons.
Evidence for complete denitrification in a benthic foraminifer.
Downstream nuclear events in brassinosteroid signalling.
Origins of extrinsic variability in eukaryotic gene expression.
Predicting the endpoints of earthquake ruptures.
Requirements for high impact diagnostics in the developing world.
Multiplex amplification of the mammoth mitochondrial genome and the evolution of Elephantidae.
Genome-wide genetic analysis of polyploidy in yeast.
Spontaneous transfer of chirality in an atropisomerically enriched two-axis system.
Advances in exoplanet science from Kepler.
Cancer: Antitumour immunity gets a boost.
Schizophrenia: Genesis of a complex disease.
Prodigious degassing of a billion years of accumulated radiogenic helium at Yellowstone.
Cancer: Inflammation lights the way to metastasis.
Public health: Society at large.
Calcisponges have a ParaHox gene and dynamic expression of dispersed NK homeobox genes.
Structural insight into autoinhibition and histone H3-induced activation of DNMT3A.
Structure and mechanism of the tRNA-dependent lantibiotic dehydratase NisB.
Let the locals lead.
A record of planet migration in the main asteroid belt.
The role of terrestrial plants in limiting atmospheric CO2 decline over the past 24 million years.
Dynamics of nucleosome remodelling by individual ACF complexes.
Dynamics of DNA replication loops reveal temporal control of lagging-strand synthesis.
Magma-compensated crustal thinning in continental rift zones.
Do nations go to war over water?.
Structural insights into mechanisms of the small RNA methyltransferase HEN1.
Long aftershock sequences within continents and implications for earthquake hazard assessment.
Aero-tactile integration in speech perception.
Changes in ocean water mass properties: Oscillations or trends?.
Attrition and translation.
Satellite observations of magnetic fields due to ocean tidal flow.
Comment on" The influence of the proinflammatory cytokine, osteopontin, on autoimmune demyelinating disease".
Diffusion of nonequilibrium quasi-particles in a cuprate superconductor.
Flood risk in central Europe.
A cellular framework for gut-looping morphogenesis in zebrafish.
Suspended animation in C. elegans requires the spindle checkpoint.
Evolution of the social brain.
The bright optical flash and afterglow from the gamma-ray burst GRB 130427A.
Helminth infection reactivates latent -herpesvirus via cytokine competition at a viral promoter.
Action monitoring and medial frontal cortex: leading role of supplementary motor area.
Morality in everyday life.
Quantifying molecular stiffness and interaction with lateral force microscopy.
The genomic landscape underlying phenotypic integrity in the face of gene flow in crows.
Climate change and wind intensification in coastal upwelling ecosystems.
Dehydration melting at the top of the lower mantle.
All-optical routing of single photons by a one-atom switch controlled by a single photon.
Enterotypes of the human gut microbiome.
Integrated genomic analyses of ovarian carcinoma.
Molecular mechanisms and clinical applications of angiogenesis.
Crystal structure of oxygen-evolving photosystem II at a resolution of 1.9 .
Global quantification of mammalian gene expression control.
Progress and challenges in translating the biology of atherosclerosis.
Solutions for a cultivated planet.
Autophagy in immunity and inflammation.
Crystal structure of the [bgr] 2 adrenergic receptor-Gs protein complex.
Mapping and analysis of chromatin state dynamics in nine human cell types.
Ferromagnetism in suspensions of magnetic platelets in liquid crystal.
Cross-neutralization of four paramyxoviruses by a human monoclonal antibody.
Recovery from slow inactivation in K+ channels is controlled by water molecules.
Land use: a global map for road building.
Combinatorial temporal patterning in progenitors expands neural diversity.
[C] NIH mulls rules for validating key results..
Ratios of S, Se and Te in the silicate Earth require a volatile-rich late veneer.
Functional and evolutionary insight from the crystal structure of rubella virus protein E1.
Global resurfacing of Mercury 4.0-4.1 billion years ago by heavy bombardment and volcanism.
DNA: Celebrate the unknowns.
A large discontinuity in the mid-twentieth century in observed global-mean surface temperature.
Ubiquitin docking at the proteasome through a novel pleckstrin-homology domain interaction.
Next-generation genetics in plants.
Metabolic gene regulation in a dynamically changing environment.
53BP1 facilitates long-range DNA end-joining during V (D) J recombination.
An asymmetric solar wind termination shock.
Structural basis for recognition of hemi-methylated DNA by the SRA domain of human UHRF1.
A minimum column density of 1 g cm-2 for massive star formation.
Midzone activation of aurora B in anaphase produces an intracellular phosphorylation gradient.
Anthropogenically enhanced fluxes of water and carbon from the Mississippi River.
Negative genetic correlation between male sexual attractiveness and survival.
Maintenance of functional equivalence during paralogous Hox gene evolution.
Sequence and analysis of chromosome 1 of the plant Arabidopsis thaliana.
Chemical and biological trends during lake evolution in recently deglaciated terrain.
Evidence for free precession in a pulsar.
Integrin LFA-1 interacts with the transcriptional co-activator JAB1 to modulate AP-1 activity.
Reversible phase transitions in polymer gels induced by radiation forces.
Magnetite defines a vertebrate magnetoreceptor.
A neurofibromatosis-1-regulated pathway is required for learning in Drosophila.
Geodetic evidence for a low slip rate in the Altyn Tagh fault system.
Role for a Drosophila Myb-containing protein complex in site-specific DNA replication.
Synchronization of animal population dynamics by large-scale climate.
Fractal geometry predicts varying body size scaling relationships for mammal and bird home ranges.
Developmental constraints versus flexibility in morphological evolution.
Strong male-driven evolution of DNA sequences in humans and apes.
Single and multiple vesicle fusion induce different rates of endocytosis at a central synapse.
Copepod hatching success in marine ecosystems with high diatom concentrations.
Jasmonate and salicylate induce expression of herbivore cytochrome P450 genes.
Regulation of Arabidopsis cryptochrome 2 by blue-light-dependent phosphorylation.
Induction of somatic hypermutation in immunoglobulin genes is dependent on DNA polymerase iota.
Lipidprotein interactions in double-layered two-dimensional AQP0 crystals.
Nicotine reinforcement and cognition restored by targeted expression of nicotinic receptors.
Binding of brassinosteroids to the extracellular domain of plant receptor kinase BRI1.
A protein interaction network of the malaria parasite Plasmodium falciparum.
Measurement of the conductance of single conjugated molecules.
Chimpanzees are indifferent to the welfare of unrelated group members.
NMDA receptors are expressed in oligodendrocytes and activated in ischaemia.
Lipoprotein particles are required for Hedgehog and Wingless signalling.
Phosphoinositide phosphatase activity coupled to an intrinsic voltage sensor.
Structural insights into mRNA recognition from a PIWI domainsiRNA guide complex.
Offset of the potential carbon sink from boreal forestation by decreases in surface albedo.
Role for the p53 homologue p73 in E2F-1-induced apoptosis.
Co-assembly of polycystin-1 and-2 produces unique cation-permeable currents.
Structural basis for signal transduction by the Toll/interleukin-1 receptor domains.
Cell differentiation: hepatocytes from non-hepatic adult stem cells.
Autoinhibition and activation mechanisms of the WiskottAldrich syndrome protein.
Biomimetic synthesis of ordered silica structures mediated by block copolypeptides.
A chromatin remodelling complex involved in transcription and DNA processing.
Dishevelled controls cell polarity during Xenopus gastrulation.
Experience-dependent plasticity of dendritic spines in the developing rat barrel cortex in vivo.
The candidate tumour suppressor protein ING4 regulates brain tumour growth and angiogenesis.
A confirmation of the general relativistic prediction of the LenseThirring effect.
Fitness benefits of prolonged post-reproductive lifespan in women.
Control of ion selectivity in potassium channels by electrostatic and dynamic properties of carbonyl ligands.
Reproductive biology: delivering spermatozoan RNA to the oocyte.
Transcriptional disruption by the L1 retrotransposon and implications for mammalian transcriptomes.
Poisson's ratio and the fragility of glass-forming liquids.
Transgenic mice: fat-1 mice convert n-6 to n-3 fatty acids.
The protein kinase PKR is required for macrophage apoptosis after activation of Toll-like receptor 4.
A substantial amount of hidden magnetic energy in the quiet Sun.
Eutrophication causes speciation reversal in whitefish adaptive radiations.
Structure of a RING E3 ligase and ubiquitin-loaded E2 primed for catalysis.
Electron tomography at 2.4-angstrom resolution.
Maintenance of muscle stem-cell quiescence by microRNA-489.
Notch-dependent VEGFR3 upregulation allows angiogenesis without VEGF-VEGFR2 signalling.
The role of Drosophila Piezo in mechanical nociception.
A neural circuit for spatial summation in visual cortex.
Automated design of ligands to polypharmacological profiles.
Observations of increased tropical rainfall preceded by air passage over forests.
Re-emerging superconductivity at 48 [thinsp] kelvin in iron chalcogenides.
Cobalt-56 [ggr]-ray emission lines from the type Ia supernova 2014J.
Enantioselective construction of remote quaternary stereocentres.
[C] Society: Realizing China's urban dream..
The rarity of dust in metal-poor galaxies.
Electrical conductivity during incipient melting in the oceanic low-velocity zone.
Structure of a Naegleria Tet-like dioxygenase in complex with 5-methylcytosine DNA.
A cosmic web filament revealed in Lyman-[agr] emission around a luminous high-redshift quasar.
The cancer glycocalyx mechanically primes integrin-mediated growth and survival.
Sea-level and deep-sea-temperature variability over the past 5.3 million years.
Interfacial mode coupling as the origin of the enhancement of Tc in FeSe films on SrTiO3.
Temperature-dependent regulation of flowering by antagonistic FLM variants.
Decoupling of soil nutrient cycles as a function of aridity in global drylands.
An siRNA screen for NFAT activation identifies septins as coordinators of store-operated Ca2+ entry.
A quantum access network.
Rats maintain an overhead binocular field at the expense of constant fusion.
PfSETvs methylation of histone H3K36 represses virulence genes in Plasmodium falciparum.
Hierarchy of orofacial rhythms revealed through whisking and breathing.
Three-state mechanism couples ligand and temperature sensing in riboswitches.
Deep instability of deforested tropical peatlands revealed by fluvial organic carbon fluxes.
Evolutionary implications of a third lymphocyte lineage in lampreys.
Mesodermal Wnt2b signalling positively regulates liver specification.
Crystal structure of a rhomboid family intramembrane protease.
Centriole assembly in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Planar cell polarity signalling couples cell division and morphogenesis during neurulation.
Structural basis for messenger RNA movement on the ribosome.
ClC chloride channels viewed through a transporter lens.
Bacterial chromatin organization by H-NS protein unravelled using dual DNA manipulation.
Highly ordered arrangement of single neurons in orientation pinwheels.
The DNA sequence and biological annotation of human chromosome 1.
Proteorhodopsin lateral gene transfer between marine planktonic Bacteria and Archaea.
Controlling photons using electromagnetically induced transparency.
The dynamics of CD4+ T-cell depletion in HIV disease.
Interaction with the NMDA receptor locks CaMKII in an active conformation.
An enzymic'latch'on a global carbon store.
Prediction of absolute crystal-nucleation rate in hard-sphere colloids.
Molecular basis of mechanosensory transduction.
Morphogen gradient interpretation.
Maize yellow stripe1 encodes a membrane protein directly involved in Fe (III) uptake.
BRI1 is a critical component of a plasma-membrane receptor for plant steroids.
Evolution and transmission of stable CTL escape mutations in HIV infection.
Palaeobiology: Argentinian unhatched pterosaur fossil.
Hydrological response to a seafloor spreading episode on the Juan de Fuca ridge.
Species-typical songs in white-crowned sparrows tutored with only phrase pairs.
Climbing the co-evolution ladder.
Between hope and a hard place.
Ageing: mice and mitochondria.
Pre-social benefits of extended parental care.
The fertility riddle.
Nuclear physics: Not-so-magic numbers.
Cell biology: Popping out of the nucleus.
Biophysics: Enzymes surf the heat wave.
[C] Developing world: Use mentoring to fix science inequality.
Neurons for hunger and thirst transmit a negative-valence teaching signal.
Cell biology: Tagged tags engage disposal.
Materials science: Gating mechanism under pressure.
Frontiers in biology.
Chemical biology: How to minimalize antibodies.
Corrigendum: Three keys to the radiation of angiosperms into freezing environments.
Malaria's drug miracle in danger.
Self-assembly of filopodia-like structures on supported lipid bilayers.
Selection at linked sites shapes heritable phenotypic variation in C. elegans.
The ubiquity of micrometer-sized dust grains in the dense interstellar medium.
Detection of hydrated silicates in crustal outcrops in the northern plains of Mars.
Deconstructing the conveyor belt.
Hybrid incompatibility snowballs between Solanum species.
Role of ABA and ABI3 in desiccation tolerance.
The silicate-mediated formose reaction: bottom-up synthesis of sugar silicates.
E-type Asteroid (2867) Steins as imaged by OSIRIS on board Rosetta.
Fibre-optical features of a glass sponge.
Presynaptic induction of heterosynaptic associative plasticity in the mammalian brain.
cdx4 mutants fail to specify blood progenitors and can be rescued by multiple hox genes.
Explosive volcanism may not be an inevitable consequence of magma fragmentation.
The transcription factor Eyes absent is a protein tyrosine phosphatase.
Chemical physics: how to keep dry in water.
Phonon interpretation of the 'boson peak'in supercooled liquids.
Direct modulation of synaptic vesicle priming by GABAB receptor activation at a glutamatergic synapse.
Structure of the catalytic domain of human phosphodiesterase 5 with bound drug molecules.
Neuroperception: Facial expressions linked to monkey calls.
The structural biochemistry of Zucchini implicates it as a nuclease in piRNA biogenesis.
Suppression of the antiviral response by an influenza histone mimic.
Policy: cleaning China's air.
Demonstration of temporal cloaking.
A novel putative auxin carrier family regulates intracellular auxin homeostasis in plants.
Slowdown of the Walker circulation driven by tropical Indo-Pacific warming.
Nonlinear dendritic integration of sensory and motor input during an active sensing task.
Novel Foxo1-dependent transcriptional programs control Treg cell function.
Genotoxic consequences of endogenous aldehydes on mouse haematopoietic stem cell function.
The intense starburst HDF 850.1 in a galaxy overdensity at z 5.2 in the Hubble Deep Field.
SHANK3 overexpression causes manic-like behaviour with unique pharmacogenetic properties.
Electronics: The road to carbon nanotube transistors.
Synthetic non-oxidative glycolysis enables complete carbon conservation.
Exciting Andreev pairs in a superconducting atomic contact.
Potential for spin-based information processing in a thin-film molecular semiconductor.
OTUD7B controls non-canonical NF-[kgr] B activation through deubiquitination of TRAF3.
Femtosecond switching of magnetism via strongly correlated spin-charge quantum excitations.
A canonical to non-canonical Wnt signalling switch in haematopoietic stem-cell ageing.
Insolation-driven 100,000-year glacial cycles and hysteresis of ice-sheet volume.
Intuition and cooperation reconsidered.
The multilayered complexity of ceRNA crosstalk and competition.
Comprehensive molecular profiling of lung adenocarcinoma.
Comprehensive molecular characterization of gastric adenocarcinoma.
A mitochondrial genome sequence of a hominin from Sima de los Huesos.
Predictive correlates of response to the anti-PD-L1 antibody MPDL3280A in cancer patients.
FXR is a molecular target for the effects of vertical sleeve gastrectomy.
The genomic landscape of Neanderthal ancestry in present-day humans.
Clouds in the atmosphere of the super-Earth exoplanet GJ [thinsp] 1214b.
CNVs conferring risk of autism or schizophrenia affect cognition in controls.
Diversity of ageing across the tree of life.
Engineered interface of magnetic oxides.
Regulation of cell migration by the C2 domain of the tumor suppressor PTEN.
NOBOX deficiency disrupts early folliculogenesis and oocyte-specific gene expression.
Specific GABAA circuits for visual cortical plasticity.
A gene expression map for the euchromatic genome of Drosophila melanogaster.
Local nanomechanical motion of the cell wall of Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Reactivation of the paternal X chromosome in early mouse embryos.
Hertz-level measurement of the optical clock frequency in a single 88Sr+ ion.
Electronic transitions in perovskite: Possible nonconvecting layers in the lower mantle.
A stable compound containing a silicon-silicon triple bond.
Structural basis for heavy metal detoxification by an Atm1-type ABC exporter.
Lost in transition: start-up of glycolysis yields subpopulations of nongrowing cells.
Iron fertilization of the Subantarctic Ocean during the last ice age.
Exploring the interface of graphene and biology.
Strategies for containing Ebola in west Africa.
Nematic spin correlations in the tetragonal state of uniaxial-strained BaFe2 xNixAs2.
Ancient hybridizations among the ancestral genomes of bread wheat.
Global epistasis makes adaptation predictable despite sequence-level stochasticity.
A spatial accommodation by neighboring cells is required for organ initiation in Arabidopsis.
Distribution of ESCRT machinery at HIV assembly sites reveals virus scaffolding of ESCRT subunits.
Geniculocortical input drives genetic distinctions between primary and higher-order visual areas.
The Amborella genome and the evolution of flowering plants.
Revising China's environmental law.
Crystal structure determination of the nonclassical 2-norbornyl cation.
Product-to-parent reversion of trenbolone: unrecognized risks for endocrine disruption.
Energy release of the 2013 Mw 8.3 Sea of Okhotsk earthquake and deep slab stress heterogeneity.
Global research integrity training.
Stepwise evolution of essential centromere function in a Drosophila neogene.
Futile protein folding cycles in the ER are terminated by the unfolded protein O-mannosylation pathway.
Reversibly assembled cellular composite materials.
A new carnivorous dinosaur from the Late Jurassic Solnhofen archipelago.
A P-type ATPase required for rice blast disease and induction of host resistance.
An almost head-on collision as the origin of two off-centre rings in the Andromeda galaxy.
The cause of the fragile relationship between the Pacific El Nino and the Atlantic Nino.
Methane quashes green credentials of hydropower.
Optics: Momentum in an uncertain light.
The importance of the diurnal and annual cycle of air traffic for contrail radiative forcing.
Microscopy: Nanotomography comes of age.
Three-dimensional brittle shear fracturing by tensile crack interaction.
Whitefly infestations: the Christmas invasion.
Visualizing spatially correlated dynamics that directs RNA conformational transitions.
SUMOylation regulates kainate-receptor-mediated synaptic transmission.
Observation of ferrotoroidic domains.
eIF4E function in somatic cells modulates ageing in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Collective minds.
Infinite-layer iron oxide with a square-planar coordination.
Intracellular bacterial growth is controlled by a kinase network around PKB/AKT1.
Dual E1 activation systems for ubiquitin differentially regulate E2 enzyme charging.
Morphological evolution through multiple cis-regulatory mutations at a single gene.
Expanding the diversity of chemical protein modification allows post-translational mimicry.
Electromagnetically induced transparency and slow light with optomechanics.
Bioinspired self-repairing slippery surfaces with pressure-stable omniphobicity.
The Medicago genome provides insight into the evolution of rhizobial symbioses.
Single-spin addressing in an atomic Mott insulator.
Optically healable supramolecular polymers.
An open-system quantum simulator with trapped ions.
Mutations in UBQLN2 cause dominant X-linked juvenile and adult-onset ALS and ALS/dementia.
Coseismic and postseismic slip of the 2011 magnitude-9 Tohoku-Oki earthquake.
Lgr5 homologues associate with Wnt receptors and mediate R-spondin signalling.
Comprehensive analysis of the chromatin landscape in Drosophila melanogaster.
Ringlike structure of the Deinococcus radiodurans genome: a key to radioresistance?.
Enrichment of gene-coding sequences in maize by genome filtration.
From tides to mixing along the Hawaiian Ridge.
RacA, a bacterial protein that anchors chromosomes to the cell poles.
Protein insertion into the mitochondrial inner membrane by a twin-pore translocase.
Demographic threats to the sustainability of Brazil nut exploitation.
Evolutionary discrimination of mammalian conserved non-genic sequences (CNGs).
Identifying kinetic barriers to mechanical unfolding of the T. thermophila ribozyme.
Tracking FACT and the RNA polymerase II elongation complex through chromatin in vivo.
A freely diffusible form of Sonic hedgehog mediates long-range signalling.
Chance and necessity: the evolution of morphological complexity and diversity.
A Drosophila Polycomb group complex includes Zeste and dTAFII proteins.
CaT1 manifests the pore properties of the calcium-release-activated calcium channel.
MOR1 is essential for organizing cortical microtubules in plants.
In situ class switching and differentiation to IgA-producing cells in the gut lamina propria.
-CaMKII-dependent plasticity in the cortex is required for permanent memory.
Temporal dynamics of a neural solution to the aperture problem in visual area MT of macaque brain.
Expressing the human genome.
Psychology: Reward value of attractiveness and gaze.
Biochar: Pros must outweigh cons.
Alexander Grothendieck (1928-2014).
The role of ridges in the formation and longevity of flat slabs.
Bacteria: Assessing resistance to new antibiotics.
Improving survival by exploiting tumour dependence on stabilized mutant p53 for treatment.
Selective corticostriatal plasticity during acquisition of an auditory discrimination task.
Chemistry: Green refill.
Vernon Mountcastle: Laboratory work is' like falling in love'.
Lunar tungsten isotopic evidence for the late veneer.
High-mobility three-atom-thick semiconducting films with wafer-scale homogeneity.
Cavity QED with a BoseEinstein condensate.
Determining the architectures of macromolecular assemblies.
New uses for old drugs.
miRNAs control gene expression in the single-cell alga Chlamydomonas reinhardtii.
Localization of type 1 diabetes susceptibility to the MHC class I genes HLA-B and HLA-A.
Conserved factors regulate signalling in Arabidopsis thaliana shoot and root stem cell organizers.
Epithelial-cell-intrinsic IKK-&bgr; expression regulates intestinal immune homeostasis.
Abrupt onset of a second energy gap at the superconducting transition of underdoped Bi2212.
Visualizing pair formation on the atomic scale in the high-Tc superconductor Bi2Sr2CaCu2O8+ &dgr.
Climate change 2007: Lifting the taboo on adaptation.
Control of regulatory T cell development by the transcription factor Foxp3.
Influence of life stress on depression: moderation by a polymorphism in the 5-HTT gene.
Genome-wide insertional mutagenesis of Arabidopsis thaliana.
Epitaxial BiFeO3 multiferroic thin film heterostructures.
Cell migration: integrating signals from front to back.
Hydrogen storage in microporous metal-organic frameworks.
Requirement of hippocampal neurogenesis for the behavioral effects of antidepressants.
Photonic crystal fibers.
LMO2-associated clonal T cell proliferation in two patients after gene therapy for SCID-X1.
Common structure of soluble amyloid oligomers implies common mechanism of pathogenesis.
Epithelial Cell Differentiation--a Mather of Choice.
Finding new ways to fight plant diseases.
Simultaneous rupture along two conjugate planes of the Wharton Basin earthquake.
Where has all the carbon gone?.
Chromosomal effects of rapid gene evolution in Drosophila melanogaster.
Memory T cells: local heroes in the struggle for immunity.
Political issues in the genome era.
Industrializing structural biology.
Impact of artificial reservoir water impoundment on global sea level.
Cardiogenesis and the complex biology of regenerative cardiovascular medicine.
Globally distributed uncultivated oceanic N2-fixing cyanobacteria lack oxygenic photosystem II.
Photoexcited CRY2 interacts with CIB1 to regulate transcription and floral initiation in Arabidopsis.
Insights into translational termination from the structure of RF2 bound to the ribosome.
Heterochromatin and RNAi are required to establish CENP-A chromatin at centromeres.
Single-molecule cut-and-paste surface assembly.
Electronic origin of the inhomogeneous pairing interaction in the high-Tc superconductor Bi2Sr2CaCu2O8+ .
Time-resolved dynamics in N2O4 probed using high harmonic generation.
Phyllosilicate diversity and past aqueous activity revealed at Mawrth Vallis, Mars.
NFAT dysregulation by increased dosage of DSCR1 and DYRK1A on chromosome 21.
Identification of nesfatin-1 as a satiety molecule in the hypothalamus.
Spatiotemporal dynamics of RhoA activity in migrating cells.
Stromatolite reef from the Early Archaean era of Australia.
A loss-of-function RNA interference screen for molecular targets in cancer.
Molecular mechanism of histone H3K4me3 recognition by plant homeodomain of ING2.
Scaling and the design of miniaturized chemical-analysis systems.
A high-performance braincomputer interface.
Global trends of whole-genome duplications revealed by the ciliate Paramecium tetraurelia.
Oxidation of the Ediacaran ocean.
Chemical chaperones reduce ER stress and restore glucose homeostasis in a mouse model of type 2 diabetes.
Skill formation and the economics of investing in disadvantaged children.
Fast mass transport through sub-2-nanometer carbon nanotubes.
Stem cells and their niches.
Carbon-negative biofuels from low-input high-diversity grassland biomass.
Virus-enabled synthesis and assembly of nanowires for lithium ion battery electrodes.
Nanoparticle polymer composites: where two small worlds meet.
Depletion, degradation, and recovery potential of estuaries and coastal seas.
Solvent-free oxidation of primary alcohols to aldehydes using Au-Pd/TiO2 catalysts.
Global patterns of influenza A virus in wild birds.
Strong, transparent, multifunctional, carbon nanotube sheets.
Mitochondrial DNA mutations, oxidative stress, and apoptosis in mammalian aging.
Ribo-gnome: the big world of small RNAs.
Social-ecological resilience to coastal disasters.
Monodisperse double emulsions generated from a microcapillary device.
Antisense transcription in the mammalian transcriptome.
CX3CR1-mediated dendritic cell access to the intestinal lumen and bacterial clearance.
Do 15-month-old infants understand false beliefs?.
PbSe nanocrystal solids for n-and p-channel thin film field-effect transistors.
High-resolution surface-wave tomography from ambient seismic noise.
A distinct role of the temporal-parietal junction in predicting socially guided decisions.
The formation and evolution of massive black holes.
Pheromonal induction of spatial learning in mice.
Cell polarity: quantitative modeling as a tool in cell biology.
Determination of noncovalent docking by infrared spectroscopy of cold gas-phase complexes.
SAICAR stimulates pyruvate kinase isoform M2 and promotes cancer cell survival in glucose-limited conditions.
A TOG: -tubulin complex structure reveals conformation-based mechanisms for a microtubule polymerase.
Mapping local charge recombination heterogeneity by multidimensional nanospectroscopic imaging.
ER cargo properties specify a requirement for COPII coat rigidity mediated by Sec13p.
Unraveling the life history of successful invaders.
Structural basis for cofactor-independent dioxygenation in vancomycin biosynthesis.
[C] Head in the clouds..
Eukaryote evolution: engulfed by speculation.
Beyond the standard model with the LHC.
Catalysis: Raising the gold standard.
Intense mixing of lower thermocline water on the crest of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge.
Control without hierarchy.
Nanofluidics: silicon for the perfect membrane.
The structural basis of Holliday junction resolution by T7 endonuclease I.
Fundamental physics: Feel the force.
Signal-driven computations in speech processing.
White collar-1, a DNA binding transcription factor and a light sensor.
A new UAG-encoded residue in the structure of a methanogen methyltransferase.
Superconductivity-induced transfer of in-plane spectral weight in Bi2Sr2CaCu2O8+ .
Mannose receptor-mediated regulation of serum glycoprotein homeostasis.
Fluidity of bound hydration layers.
Conversion of PrP to a self-perpetuating PrPSc-like conformation in the cytosol.
Regulation of life-span by germ-line stem cells in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Control of stomatal distribution on the Arabidopsis leaf surface.
Emerging coherence in a population of chemical oscillators.
Metabolic activity of subsurface life in deep-sea sediments.
Parasites as a viability cost of sexual selection in natural populations of mammals.
Rapid regulation of light harvesting and plant fitness in the field.
Evidence for large decadal variability in the tropical mean radiative energy budget.
Sir2-dependent activation of acetyl-CoA synthetase by deacetylation of active lysine.
Microfluidic control using colloidal devices.
Constraints in the evolution of sex ratio adjustment.
Evolution of autoantibody responses via somatic hypermutation outside of germinal centers.
Germline stem cells anchored by adherens junctions in the Drosophila ovary niches.
The developing synapse: construction and modulation of synaptic structures and circuits.
[C] Pregnancy: No safe level of alcohol.
Perspective: Catch melanoma early.
Hierarchical organization of chiral rafts in colloidal membranes.
 .
Diet: Food choices for health and planet.
Immunology: A is for immunity.
Neurobiology: Life beyond the pain.
Q&A: The sound hunter.
Turning point: Katharine Hayhoe.
Planetary science: Second rock from the Sun.
MYC regulates the core pre-mRNA splicing machinery as an essential step in lymphomagenesis.
Star formation: Sibling rivalry begins at birth.
Ancient proteins resolve the evolutionary history of Darwin/'s South American ungulates.
Seed coating with a neonicotinoid insecticide negatively affects wild bees.
WHAT IS REALLY REAL?.
Space science: Beyond the heliopause.
Cyclic di-GMP acts as a cell cycle oscillator to drive chromosome replication.
Caspase-11 cleaves gasdermin D for non-canonical inflammasome signalling.
The rise of fully turbulent flow.
Biodiversity hotspots for conservation priorities.
Molecular portraits of human breast tumours.
Distinct types of diffuse large B-cell lymphoma identified by gene expression profiling.
Angiogenesis in cancer and other diseases.
The biochemistry of apoptosis.
The language of covalent histone modifications.
Oxidants, oxidative stress and the biology of ageing.
Surfing the p53 network.
A Toll-like receptor recognizes bacterial DNA.
Error and attack tolerance of complex networks.
Cancer: when antioxidants are bad.
Molecular regulation of sexual preference revealed by genetic studies of 5-HT in the brains of male mice.
N-acylethanolamine signalling mediates the effect of diet on lifespan in Caenorhabditis elegans.
N2O binding at a [lsqb] 4Cu: 2S [rsqb] copper-sulphur cluster in nitrous oxide reductase.
Central powering of the largest Lyman-[agr] nebula is revealed by polarized radiation.
Vaccinate for the next H2N2 pandemic now.
Continued clearance of apoptotic cells critically depends on the phagocyte Ucp2 protein.
Measurement of the internal state of a single atom without energy exchange.
Control of Drosophila endocycles by E2F and CRL4CDT2.
Evidence for an oxygen-depleted liquid outer core of the Earth.
Brain-state-and cell-type-specific firing of hippocampal interneurons in vivo.
Multi-colour organic light-emitting displays by solution processing.
Genome divergence in two Prochlorococcus ecotypes reflects oceanic niche differentiation.
Loss of the cylindromatosis tumour suppressor inhibits apoptosis by activating NF-B.
Release of invasive plants from fungal and viral pathogens.
The role of stomata in sensing and driving environmental change.
The structure of DNA in the nucleosome core.
Rationalization of the effects of mutations on peptide andprotein aggregation rates.
Fundamental principles and applications of natural gas hydrates.
Photocontrolled reversible release of guest molecules from coumarin-modified mesoporous silica.
Demonstration of a spaser-based nanolaser.
Induced pluripotent stem cells from a spinal muscular atrophy patient.
AMPK regulates energy expenditure by modulating NAD+ metabolism and SIRT1 activity.
Virus-free induction of pluripotency and subsequent excision of reprogramming factors.
Histone modifications at human enhancers reflect global cell-type-specific gene expression.
Early-warning signals for critical transitions.
Common variants conferring risk of schizophrenia.
AIM2 recognizes cytosolic dsDNA and forms a caspase-1-activating inflammasome with ASC.
A tunable topological insulator in the spin helical Dirac transport regime.
Single Lgr5 stem cells build crypt villus structures in vitro without a mesenchymal niche.
p63 and p73 are required for p53-dependent apoptosis in response to DNA damage.
Variability of El Nio/Southern Oscillation activity at millennial timescales during the Holocene epoch.
Imaging the granular structure of high-Tc superconductivity in underdoped Bi2Sr2CaCu2O8&plus; .
Eventual AIDS vaccine failure in a rhesus monkey by viral escape from cytotoxic T lymphocytes.
Curvature of clathrin-coated pits driven by epsin.
A component of innate immunity prevents bacterial biofilm development.
DMY is a Y-specific DM-domain gene required for male development in the medaka fish.
AID mutates E. coli suggesting a DNA deamination mechanism for antibody diversification.
Crystal structure of bacterial multidrug efflux transporter AcrB.
Production and detection of cold antihydrogen atoms.
Identification of iron sulphide grains in protoplanetary disks.
Biomedicine: stem-cell competition.
A short-term sink for atmospheric CO2 in subtropical mode water of the North Atlantic Ocean.
A laboratory analogue of the event horizon using slow light in an atomic medium.
Mantle wedge control on back-arc crustal accretion.
Psychological trauma: Burnt into memory.
An early tetrapod from 'Romer's Gap'.
Arctic microorganisms respond more to elevated UV-B radiation than CO2.
Recovery of 16S ribosomal RNA gene fragments from ancient halite.
Stage-specific control of neuronal migration by somatostatin.
Genome sequence and comparative analysis of the model rodent malaria parasite Plasmodium yoelii yoelii.
Escherichia coli K-12 undergoes adaptive evolution to achieve in silico predicted optimal growth.
Simultaneous micromanipulation in multiple planes using a self-reconstructing light beam.
The role of the thermohaline circulation in abrupt climate change.
Coherent emission of light by thermal sources.
Quantum control of energy flow in light harvesting.
Ecosystem carbon loss with woody plant invasion of grasslands.
The chemical repertoire of natural ribozymes.
A robust DNA mechanical device controlled by hybridization topology.
Insights into phase transition kinetics from colloid science.
Structure of oxidized -haemoglobin bound to AHSP reveals a protective mechanism for haem.
DNA synthesis provides the driving force to accelerate DNA unwinding by a helicase.
Gigaxonin-controlled degradation of MAP1B light chain is critical to neuronal survival.
Discovery of the triple asteroidal system 87 Sylvia.
Genomics: understanding human diversity.
Earth science: Microseismicity data forecast rupture area.
Intercepting the first rat ashore.
A substrate-specific inhibitor of protein translocation into the endoplasmic reticulum.
Neon isotopes constrain convection and volatile origin in the Earth's mantle.
Polo kinase links the stress pathway to cell cycle control and tip growth in fission yeast.
Pleiotropic defects in lymphocyte activation caused by caspase-8 mutations lead to human immunodeficiency.
Rapid accretion and early core formation on asteroids and the terrestrial planets from HfW chronometry.
Sequence and analysis of rice chromosome 4.
A putative lipid transfer protein involved in systemic resistance signalling in Arabidopsis.
A single motif responsible for ubiquitin recognition and monoubiquitination in endocytic proteins.
An ultra-sparse code underliesthe generation of neural sequences in a songbird.
SAR11 clade dominates ocean surface bacterioplankton communities.
Excitatory glycine receptors containing the NR3 family of NMDA receptor subunits.
TREX is a conserved complex coupling transcription with messenger RNA export.
Circadian rhythms from flies to human.
Increased proliferation of B cells and auto-immunity in mice lacking protein kinase C.
A physical map of the mouse genome.
Antagonistic coevolution between the sexes in a group of insects.
Directionally selective calcium signals in dendrites of starburst amacrine cells.
Adaptation in the chemotactic guidance of nerve growth cones.
Respiration in the open ocean.
Structure of the Sec23/24Sar1 pre-budding complex of the COPII vesicle coat.
Structure of a bacterial quorum-sensing transcription factor complexed with pheromone and DNA.
Mast cells in autoimmune disease.
Vapour undersaturation in primitive mid-ocean-ridge basalt and the volatile content of Earth's upper mantle.
Evolution of vertebrates as viewed from the crest.
Highly saline fluids from a subducting slab as the source for fluid-rich diamonds.
Evolution of the snake body form reveals homoplasy in amniote Hox gene function.
Planetary science: Prebiotic chemistry on the rocks.
MAGI3-AKT3 fusion in breast cancer amended.
A basal ichthyosauriform with a short snout from the Lower Triassic of China.
Conservation: Marine protection is a UK priority.
Direct observation of electron propagation and dielectric screening on the atomic length scale.
Organic chemistry: One catalyst, two reactions.
Seismology: Improve oversight of fracking in China.
Spike train dynamics predicts theta-related phase precession in hippocampal pyramidal cells.
Transcription coactivator TRAP220 is required for PPAR2-stimulated adipogenesis.
Large clusters of co-expressed genes in the Drosophila genome.
Massive star formation in 100,000 years from turbulent and pressurized molecular clouds.
Light-induced conversion of an insulating refractory oxide into a persistent electronic conductor.
Multiple regulatory sites in large-conductance calcium-activated potassium channels.
Nbs1 is essential for DNA repair by homologous recombination in higher vertebrate cells.
Mutual synergistic folding in recruitment of CBP/p300 by p160 nuclear receptor coactivators.
Oestrogen protects FKBP12. 6 null mice from cardiac hypertrophy.
Observational evidence for the accretion-disk origin for a radio jet in an active galaxy.
RBM3 mediates structural plasticity and protective effects of cooling in neurodegeneration.
Homologous-recombination-deficient tumours are dependent on Pol [thgr]-mediated repair.
Primary transcripts of microRNAs encode regulatory peptides.
Atomic Hong-Ou-Mandel experiment.
Temporal and spatial analysis of the 2014-2015 Ebola virus outbreak in West Africa.
The C9orf72 repeat expansion disrupts nucleocytoplasmic transport.
Forcing, feedback and internal variability in global temperature trends.
Cloning and variation of ground state intestinal stem cells.
Common genetic variants influence human subcortical brain structures.
The UK10K project identifies rare variants in health and disease.
Toward an AIDS vaccine.
Rates of molecular evolution are linked to life history in flowering plants.
Laser-induced electron tunneling and diffraction.
In vivo imaging reveals an essential role for neutrophils in leishmaniasis transmitted by sand flies.
High-efficiency organic solar concentrators for photovoltaics.
Dynamic shifts of limited working memory resources in human vision.
Higher-order cellular information processing with synthetic RNA devices.
Solution structure of the integral human membrane protein VDAC-1 in detergent micelles.
Pattern separation in the human hippocampal CA3 and dentate gyrus.
Surface-modified carbon nanotubes catalyze oxidative dehydrogenation of n-butane.
Bone resorption by osteoclasts.
Gene therapy of human severe combined immunodeficiency (SCID)-X1 disease.
Scanometric DNA array detection with nanoparticle probes.
Climate extremes: observations, modeling, and impacts.
Turning blood into brain: cells bearing neuronal antigens generated in vivo from bone marrow.
Emerging infectious diseases of wildlife--threats to biodiversity and human health.
From marrow to brain: expression of neuronal phenotypes in adult mice.
Optical gain and stimulated emission in nanocrystal quantum dots.
Drug discovery: a historical perspective.
Autophagy as a regulated pathway of cellular degradation.
Interaction between liquid water and hydroxide revealed by core-hole de-excitation.
Concurrent nucleation of 16S folding and induced fit in 30S ribosome assembly.
A novel route for ATP acquisition by the remnant mitochondria of Encephalitozoon cuniculi.
X-ray structure of NS1 from a highly pathogenic H5N1 influenza virus.
Successful range-expanding plants experience less above-ground and below-ground enemy impact.
Computational prediction of small-molecule catalysts.
Correlation between nanosecond X-ray flashes and stickslip friction in peeling tape.
Cell-specific ATP7A transport sustains copper-dependent tyrosinase activity in melanosomes.
Determination of the fermion pair size in a resonantly interacting superfluid.
Tycho Brahe's 1572 supernova as a standard Type Ia as revealed by its light-echo spectrum.
Carbon dioxide enrichment inhibits nitrate assimilation in wheat and Arabidopsis.
Graphene visualizes the first water adlayers on mica at ambient conditions.
Sequencing of Culex quinquefasciatus establishes a platform for mosquito comparative genomics.
Sfrp5 is an anti-inflammatory adipokine that modulates metabolic dysfunction in obesity.
Step-growth polymerization of inorganic nanoparticles.
Phenology under global warming.
Survivin reads phosphorylated histone H3 threonine 3 to activate the mitotic kinase Aurora B.
Asymmetric density dependence shapes species abundances in a tropical tree community.
Induction of lymphoidlike stroma and immune escape by tumors that express the chemokine CCL21.
Down-regulation of a host microRNA by a Herpesvirus saimiri noncoding RNA.
Influence of tumour micro-environment heterogeneity on therapeutic response.
Video game training enhances cognitive control in older adults.
Nanometre-scale thermometry in a living cell.
Succinate is an inflammatory signal that induces IL-1 [bgr] through HIF-1 [agr].
Draft genome of the wheat A-genome progenitor Triticum urartu.
Biguanides suppress hepatic glucagon signalling by decreasing production of cyclic AMP.
Hypothalamic programming of systemic ageing involving IKK-[bgr], NF-[kgr] B and GnRH.
Carbon nanotube computer.
Glutamine supports pancreatic cancer growth through a KRAS-regulated metabolic pathway.
Single-cell transcriptomics reveals bimodality in expression and splicing in immune cells.
Synthesis and characterization of a neutral tricoordinate organoboron isoelectronic with amines.
Realizing all-spinbased logic operations atom by atom.
Dimensionality control of electronic phase transitions in nickel-oxide superlattices.
Observation of correlated particle-hole pairs and string order in low-dimensional Mott insulators.
The structure of human 5-lipoxygenase.
Locomotor primitives in newborn babies and their development.
China's demographic history and future challenges.
The big and the small: challenges of imaging the brain's circuits.
Imaging the microscopic structure of shear thinning and thickening colloidal suspensions.
A single molecule of water encapsulated in fullerene C60.
An origin of the radio jet in M87 at the location of the central black hole.
Regulation of angiogenesis by a non-canonical Wnt-Flt1 pathway in myeloid cells.
Dementia: a problem for our age.
Electrons surfing on a sound wave as a platform for quantum optics with flying electrons.
Sensory maps in the olfactory cortex defined by long-range viral tracing of single neurons.
Widespread iron-rich conditions in the mid-Proterozoic ocean.
An early Ediacaran assemblage of macroscopic and morphologically differentiated eukaryotes.
On the growth and form of the gut.
Observation of the antimatter helium-4 nucleus.
Loss-of-function mutations in sodium channel Nav1. 7 cause anosmia.
Genome-wide association study in alopecia areata implicates both innate and adaptive immunity.
TAp63 suppresses metastasis through coordinate regulation of Dicer and miRNAs.
RANK ligand mediates progestin-induced mammary epithelial proliferation and carcinogenesis.
Holographic three-dimensional telepresence using large-area photorefractive polymer.
A cryptic sensor for HIV-1 activates antiviral innate immunity in dendritic cells.
Origin of the human malaria parasite Plasmodium falciparum in gorillas.
Quantum tunnelling of the magnetization in a monolayer of oriented single-molecule magnets.
Proviral silencing in embryonic stem cells requires the histone methyltransferase ESET.
Atom-by-atom spectroscopy at graphene edge.
Dendritic organization of sensory input to cortical neurons in vivo.
A map of human genome variation from population-scale sequencing.
A human gut microbial gene catalogue established by metagenomic sequencing.
Mammalian microRNAs predominantly act to decrease target mRNA levels.
The next generation of scenarios for climate change research and assessment.
Biological, clinical and population relevance of 95 loci for blood lipids.
Genome sequence of the palaeopolyploid soybean.
Direct conversion of fibroblasts to functional neurons by defined factors.
Long non-coding RNA HOTAIR reprograms chromatin state to promote cancer metastasis.
Evidence of RNAi in humans from systemically administered siRNA via targeted nanoparticles.
The landscape of somatic copy-number alteration across human cancers.
Stress and fold localization in thin elastic membranes.
Optical pumping and vibrational cooling of molecules.
Postseismic relaxation along the San Andreas fault at Parkfield from continuous seismological observations.
Autophagy is essential for preimplantation development of mouse embryos.
Anomalous type 17 response to viral infection by CD8+ T cells lacking T-bet and eomesodermin.
Bacterial protection of beetle-fungus mutualism.
Internally generated reactivation of single neurons in human hippocampus during free recall.
The flavivirus precursor membrane-envelope protein complex: structure and maturation.
Resource partitioning and sympatric differentiation among closely related bacterioplankton.
Traction dynamics of filopodia on compliant substrates.
CLOCK-mediated acetylation of BMAL1 controls circadian function.
A recurrent mutation in PALB2 in Finnish cancer families.
Coherent zero-state and &pgr;-state in an excitonpolariton condensate array.
Northern Hemisphere forcing of climatic cycles in Antarctica over the past 360,000 years.
A scaling law for slow earthquakes.
Dissecting a circuit for olfactory behaviour in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Roquin represses autoimmunity by limiting inducible T-cell co-stimulator messenger RNA.
A crystallizing dense magma ocean at the base of the Earth's mantle.
p53 regulates maternal reproduction through LIF.
Structural basis for transcription elongation by bacterial RNA polymerase.
The critical importance of retrieval for learning.
Metallic and insulating phases of repulsively interacting fermions in a 3D optical lattice.
Can catch shares prevent fisheries collapse?.
TMEM16A, a membrane protein associated with calcium-dependent chloride channel activity.
Synthesis and solid-state NMR structural characterization of 13C-labeled graphite oxide.
ROS-generating mitochondrial DNA mutations can regulate tumor cell metastasis.
Merging photoredox catalysis with organocatalysis: the direct asymmetric alkylation of aldehydes.
Amyloid fibrils of the HET-s (218289) prion form a  solenoid with a triangular hydrophobic core.
Predicting human brain activity associated with the meanings of nouns.
Phytoplankton calcification in a high-CO2 world.
Outward transport of high-temperature materials around the midplane of the solar nebula.
Antennal mechanosensors mediate flight control in moths.
The Arabidopsis circadian clock incorporates a cADPR-based feedback loop.
Mesoscale eddies drive increased silica export in the subtropical Pacific Ocean.
Fluorescence-force spectroscopy maps two-dimensional reaction landscape of the Holliday junction.
Anti-Hebbian long-term potentiation in the hippocampal feedback inhibitory circuit.
Accretion of mudstone beds from migrating floccule ripples.
CPD damage recognition by transcribing RNA polymerase II.
Structure of C8-MACPF reveals mechanism of membrane attack in complement immune defense.
The evolutionary demography of ecological change: linking trait variation and population growth.
Preserving cell shape under environmental stress.
Metagenomics: exploring unseen communities.
Further reflections on how we interpret the actions of others.
Structural basis for EGFR ligand sequestration by Argos.
Personal genomes: when consent gets in the way.
China: The end of the science superpowers.
Cosmology: patchy solutions.
True polar wander on Europa from global-scale small-circle depressions.
The contents of the syringe.
HIV immunology needs a new direction.
Arthropod diversity in a tropical forest.
Hox genes regulate digit patterning by controlling the wavelength of a Turing-type mechanism.
Epigenomic enhancer profiling defines a signature of colon cancer.
MMS19 assembles iron-sulfur proteins required for DNA metabolism and genomic integrity.
Hierarchical genetic organization of human cortical surface area.
Roton-type mode softening in a quantum gas with cavity-mediated long-range interactions.
Energy capture from thermolytic solutions in microbial reverse-electrodialysis cells.
Self-assembled colloidal superparticles from nanorods.
Building research equipment with free, open-source hardware.
Tracking the Fukushima radionuclides.
Coffee rust regains foothold.
[C] Geneticists push for global data-sharing..
An Sp1 transcription factor coordinates caspase-dependent and-independent apoptotic pathways.
Ancient DNA: towards a million-year-old genome.
Flavin-mediated dual oxidation controls an enzymatic Favorskii-type rearrangement.
Hidden specificity in an apparently nonspecific RNA-binding protein.
Foundering of lower island-arc crust as an explanation for the origin of the continental Moho.
The domination of Saturn/'s low-latitude ionosphere by ring/rain/'.
Two replication fork maintenance pathways fuse inverted repeats to rearrange chromosomes.
A new anode material for oxygen evolution in molten oxide electrolysis.
TERT promoter mutations in familial and sporadic melanoma.
Sleep drives metabolite clearance from the adult brain.
Identifying personal genomes by surname inference.
Superconducting circuits for quantum information: an outlook.
Gut microbiomes of Malawian twin pairs discordant for kwashiorkor.
Evidence for high-energy extraterrestrial neutrinos at the IceCube detector.
Global epigenomic reconfiguration during mammalian brain development.
Terabit-scale orbital angular momentum mode division multiplexing in fibers.
High coverage of ART associated with decline in risk of HIV acquisition in rural KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
Liquid-mediated dense integration of graphene materials for compact capacitive energy storage.
Radiocarbon-based chronology for dynastic Egypt.
Slip in the 1857 and earlier large earthquakes along the Carrizo Plain, San Andreas Fault.
Microcavity laser oscillating in a circuit-based resonator.
Asymmetrical distribution of the second messenger c-di-GMP upon bacterial cell division.
Tropical ocean temperatures over the past 3.5 million years.
Exploitation of the intestinal microflora by the parasitic nematode Trichuris muris.
Geological setting and age of Australopithecus sediba from southern Africa.
Structural insights into the assembly and function of the SAGA deubiquitinating module.
A test for geoengineering?.
Maize tumors caused by Ustilago maydis require organ-specific genes in host and pathogen.
The mosaic nature of Australopithecus sediba.
Sleep it out.
Sea-level rise by 2100.
FRETting over the spectroscopic ruler.
Ethnobiology: the missing link in ecology and evolution.
Oldest Homo sapiensGenome Pinpoints Neandertal Input.
Cleaner lakes are dirtier lakes.
Sources of antimicrobial resistance.
Response to Comments on Apatite 4He/3He and (U-Th)/He evidence for an ancient Grand Canyon.
Spin-polarized resonant tunneling in magnetic tunnel junctions.
Regulation of SREBP processing and membrane lipid production by phospholipids in Drosophila.
The interaction of Alba, a conserved archaeal chromatin protein, with Sir2 and its regulation by acetylation.
Dependence of EPSP efficacy on synapse location in neocortical pyramidal neurons.
Is the hydrological cycle accelerating?.
Rapid vapor deposition of highly conformal silica nanolaminates.
Cytomegalovirus recruitment of cellular kinases to dissolve the nuclear lamina.
Liquid-state NMR and scalar couplings in microtesla magnetic fields.
Retrograde support of neuronal survival without retrograde transport of nerve growth factor.
Water diffusion and clustering on Pd (111).
Recovery of large carnivores in Europe's modern human-dominated landscapes.
An oncogenic super-enhancer formed through somatic mutation of a noncoding intergenic element.
Limits on yields in the corn belt.
Parenting from before conception.
Gibberellin acts positively then negatively to control onset of flower formation in Arabidopsis.
Positive feedback within a kinase signaling complex functions as a switch mechanism for NF-B activation.
On the prevalence of small-scale twist in the solar chromosphere and transition region.
Oceanic mass transport by mesoscale eddies.
Propagating phonons coupled to an artificial atom.
Evolution of sweet taste perception in hummingbirds by transformation of the ancestral umami receptor.
Organic chemistry: Radical catalysis.
Physical chemistry: The peripatetic proton.
Celebrity genomes alarm researchers.
Cancer diagnostics: one-stop shop.
Turkish physicists face accusations of plagiarism.
Organic chemistry: Aromatics with a twist.
[C] Biofuels bandwagon hits a rut..
Structural Biology: Analysis of'downhill'protein folding; Analysis of protein-folding cooperativity (Reply).
Adjustment to climate change is constrained by arrival date in a long-distance migrant bird.
Cellular immune responses to HIV.
Quenching quorum-sensing-dependent bacterial infection by an N-acyl homoserine lactonase.
Growth dynamics of pentacene thin films.
Suppressing unwanted memories by executive control.
Programmable and autonomous computing machine made of biomolecules.
Functional annotation of a full-length mouse cDNA collection.
Amyloid fibrils from muscle myoglobin.
Oceanic 18S rDNA sequences from picoplankton reveal unsuspected eukaryotic diversity.
Export of organic carbon from peat soils.
Stepwise modification of a modular enhancer underlies adaptation in a Drosophila population.
Genetic interactions between transcription factors cause natural variation in yeast.
Crystal structure of the nuclear export receptor CRM1 in complex with Snurportin1 and RanGTP.
Infection by tubercular mycobacteria is spread by nonlytic ejection from their amoeba hosts.
Structural basis of transcription: backtracked RNA polymerase II at 3.4 angstrom resolution.
Dissociable components of rule-guided behavior depend on distinct medial and prefrontal regions.
Platelets kill intraerythrocytic malarial parasites and mediate survival to infection.
Trapping moving targets with small molecules.
Magnetic fields in the formation of massive stars.
Good genes and good luck: ammonoid diversity and the end-Permian mass extinction.
Atg7 modulates p53 activity to regulate cell cycle and survival during metabolic stress.
Evolution of ocean temperature and ice volume through the Mid-Pleistocene climate transition.
Seroevidence for H5N1 influenza infections in humans: meta-analysis.
Structural basis of transcription initiation.
Probing meiotic recombination and aneuploidy of single sperm cells by whole-genome sequencing.
Titanium and zinc oxide nanoparticles are proton-coupled electron transfer agents.
Spin-polarized light-emitting diode based on an organic bipolar spin valve.
Entanglement-enabled delayed-choice experiment.
Single reconstituted neuronal SNARE complexes zipper in three distinct stages.
Human -defensin 6 promotes mucosal innate immunity through self-assembled peptide nanonets.
CD8 T cells remember with a little help.
Stability of peroxide-containing uranyl minerals.
Phytolith evidence for early Holocene Cucurbita domestication in southwest Ecuador.
A functional link between RuBisCO-like protein of Bacillus and photosynthetic RuBisCO.
Microglia: the enemy within?.
Energetic radiation produced during rocket-triggered lightning.
Distinct cohesin complexes organize meiotic chromosome domains.
Detection of a human influence on North American climate.
Carbonate deposition, climate stability, and Neoproterozoic ice ages.
Evidence for the exposure of water ice on Titan's surface.
Trench-parallel anisotropy produced by foundering of arc lower crust.
Permuted tRNA genes expressed via a circular RNA intermediate in Cyanidioschyzon merolae.
Deconstructing the hedgehog pathway in development and disease.
Comment on" Synthesis of Ultra-Incompressible Superhard Rhenium Diboride at Ambient Pressure".
Accelerated uplift and magmatic intrusion of the Yellowstone caldera, 2004 to 2006.
Early optical polarization of a gamma-ray burst afterglow.
Was there really an Archean phosphate crisis?.
Fracture-controlled paleo-fluid flow in Candor Chasma, Mars.
GNAT-like strategy for polyketide chain initiation.
PI3K is a key regulator of inflammatory responses and cardiovascular homeostasis.
Impaired mucus detachment disrupts mucociliary transport in a piglet model of cystic fibrosis.
Grid-layout and theta-modulation of layer 2 pyramidal neurons in medial entorhinal cortex.
Strong sensitivity of Pine Island ice-shelf melting to climatic variability.
A mixture of Bose and Fermi superfluids.
Chiral nanophotonic waveguide interface based on spin-orbit interaction of light.
Genome sequence of the tsetse fly (Glossina morsitans): vector of African trypanosomiasis.
Holographic description of a quantum black hole on a computer.
Reconstructing the DNA methylation maps of the Neandertal and the Denisovan.
Cytoneme-mediated contact-dependent transport of the Drosophila decapentaplegic signaling protein.
Virulence and pathogenesis of HIV-1 infection: an evolutionary perspective.
Nanotechnology: Beyond the silicon roadmap.
Conservation biology: openness in management.
Rank injustice.
Enantiostyly: solving the puzzle of mirror-image flowers.
Dengue virus: break-bone fever.
Bird-like fossil footprints from the Late Triassic.
LaserRaman spectroscopy (Communication arising): Images of the Earth's earliest fossils?.
Real-space imaging of an orbital Kondo resonance on the Cr (001) surface.
Biodiversity: biodiversity equals instability?.
Transcriptional landscape of the prenatal human brain.
Rare coding variants in the phospholipase D3 gene confer risk for Alzheimer/'s disease.
A committed precursor to innate lymphoid cells.
NIH to balance sex in cell and animal studies.
Molecular control of [dgr]-opioid receptor signalling.
The ensemble nature of allostery.
Geriatric muscle stem cells switch reversible quiescence into senescence.
Developmental pathway for potent V1V2-directed HIV-neutralizing antibodies.
In situ identification of bipotent stem cells in the mammary gland.
Artificial sweeteners induce glucose intolerance by altering the gut microbiota.
Starch grains reveal early root crop horticulture in the Panamanian tropical forest.
Helix deformation is coupled to vectorial proton transport in the photocycle of bacteriorhodopsin.
Natural methyl bromide and methyl chloride emissions from coastal salt marshes.
Turning of nerve growth cones induced by localized increases in intracellular calcium ions.
ATF-2 has intrinsic histone acetyltransferase activity which is modulated by phosphorylation.
Optimal shapes of compact strings.
Ordering and self-organization in nanocrystalline silicon.
A larger pool of ozone-forming carbon compounds in urban atmospheres.
Observation of five-fold local symmetry in liquid lead.
Enhanced supercurrent density in polycrystalline YBa2Cu 3O7- at 77 K from calcium doping of grain boundaries.
Rapid progression of ocean acidification in the California Current System.
Adhesion functions in cell sorting by mechanically coupling the cortices of adhering cells.
dSarm/Sarm1 is required for activation of an injury-induced axon death pathway.
A sharp peak of the zero-temperature penetration depth at optimal composition in BaFe2 (As1xPx) 2.
2.8 million years of Arctic climate change from Lake El'gygytgyn, NE Russia.
The geologically recent giant impact basins at Vesta's south pole.
A genomic regulatory element that directs assembly and function of immune-specific AP-1IRF complexes.
Mechanical control of morphogenesis by Fat/Dachsous/Four-jointed planar cell polarity pathway.
Fate-restricted neural progenitors in the mammalian cerebral cortex.
Interleukin-22 drives endogenous thymic regeneration in mice.
Extending genomics to natural communities and ecosystems.
Unsupervised natural experience rapidly alters invariant object representation in visual cortex.
Apoptotic force and tissue dynamics during Drosophila embryogenesis.
Regulation of the cellular heat shock response in Caenorhabditis elegans by thermosensory neurons.
The high-affinity E. coli methionine ABC transporter: structure and allosteric regulation.
A shared docking motif in TRF1 and TRF2 used for differential recruitment of telomeric proteins.
Bioactive contaminants leach from disposable laboratory plasticware.
Chondrulelike objects in short-period comet 81P/Wild 2.
Control of genic DNA methylation by a jmjC domain-containing protein in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Strong limit on a variable proton-to-electron mass ratio from molecules in the distant universe.
Global change: the water cycle freshens up.
Immunology: protection and privilege.
When good cholesterol turns bad.
Wikipedia rival calls in the experts.
Glaciology: Ice-sheet plumbing in Antarctica.
Second thoughts on who goes where in author lists.
Climate change: Greenland's ice on the scales.
Pandemic 'dry run'is cause for concern.
Aluminium control of argon solubility in silicate melts under pressure.
Structural basis for tail-anchored membrane protein biogenesis by the Get3-receptor complex.
Developmental plasticity in sexual roles of butterfly species drives mutual sexual ornamentation.
Cerebellum shapes hippocampal spatial code.
Clr4/Suv39 and RNA quality control factors cooperate to trigger RNAi and suppress antisense RNA.
A cell cycle phosphoproteome of the yeast centrosome.
Revealing atom-radical reactivity at low temperature through the N+ OH reaction.
The phase behavior of interfaces.
Nectins establish a checkerboard-like cellular pattern in the auditory epithelium.
Imaging doped holes in a cuprate superconductor with high-resolution Compton scattering.
Air-snow interactions and atmospheric chemistry.
Reversal of bone loss in mice by nongenotropic signaling of sex steroids.
Surface-responsive materials.
Modulation of NMDA receptor-dependent calcium influx and gene expression through EphB receptors.
Pollen-mediated movement of herbicide resistance between commercial canola fields.
Species diversity--scale matters.
Place cells and place recognition maintained by direct entorhinal-hippocampal circuitry.
Pyrrolysine encoded by UAG in Archaea: charging of a UAG-decoding specialized tRNA.
Corepressor-dependent silencing of chromosomal regions encoding neuronal genes.
Partial dissociation of water on Ru (0001).
Consciousness and anesthesia.
Impact of a century of climate change on small-mammal communities in Yosemite National Park, USA.
Wolbachia and virus protection in insects.
Pyogenic bacterial infections in humans with MyD88 deficiency.
The size, scale, and shape of cities.
Regulation of hepatic lipogenesis by the transcription factor XBP1.
Structural basis of toll-like receptor 3 signaling with double-stranded RNA.
The spreading of disorder.
Bioinspired design and assembly of platelet reinforced polymer films.
The role of interstitial sites in the Ti3d defect state in the band gap of titania.
Superconducting dome in a gate-tuned band insulator.
Multidimensional optimality of microbial metabolism.
The crystal structure of human Argonaute2.
Synthetic genetic polymers capable of heredity and evolution.
The functions of biological diversity in an age of extinction.
Baseline map of carbon emissions from deforestation in tropical regions.
Structural basis of Wnt recognition by Frizzled.
p53 dynamics control cell fate.
The molecular diversity of adaptive convergence.
A physically transient form of silicon electronics.
Adenylylation control by intra-or intermolecular active-site obstruction in Fic proteins.
The Shigella flexneri effector OspI deamidates UBC13 to dampen the inflammatory response.
A gigantic feathered dinosaur from the Lower Cretaceous of China.
Biorepositories: Building better biobanks.
Microbiology: learning about who we are.
Antibiotics: Recover the lost art of drug discovery.
Perspective: the right trials.
DCC constrains tumour progression via its dependence receptor activity.
Drug discovery: Chemical beauty contest.
Potential methane reservoirs beneath Antarctica.
Contact--How Platelets Touch von Willebrand Factor.
Dipole moments of highly vibrationally excited water.
Global allocation rules for patterns of biomass partitioning.
The diatom glasshouse.
Insights into collisional magmatism from isotopic fingerprints of melting reactions.
Forest biotech edges out of the lab.
Biodiversity Update--Progress in Taxonomy.
Discovering the Cause of AIDS.
Asteroid hazard mitigation using the Yarkovsky effect.
Controlling smallpox.
HIV-1 Nef inhibits ASK1-dependent death signalling providing a potential mechanism for protecting the infected host cell.
Successful invasion of a floral market.
Quality control of mRNA 3-end processing is linked to the nuclear exosome.
Molecular mechanism of cAMP modulation of HCN pacemaker channels.
An open form of syntaxin bypasses the requirement for UNC-13 in vesicle priming.
The SH2/SH3 adaptor Grb4 transduces B-ephrin reverse signals.
Polarity controls forces governing asymmetric spindle positioning in the Caenorhabditis elegans embryo.
Ubiquitination-dependent mechanisms regulate synaptic growth and function.
Longevity: extending the lifespan of long-lived mice.
What is' dangerous' climate change?.
Fast-forward playback of recent memory sequences in prefrontal cortex during sleep.
Hardwiring the brain: endocannabinoids shape neuronal connectivity.
Cysteine redox sensor in PKGIa enables oxidant-induced activation.
Cadherin-11 in synovial lining formation and pathology in arthritis.
Molecular basis for the nerve dependence of limb regeneration in an adult vertebrate.
The after-hours mutant reveals a role for Fbxl3 in determining mammalian circadian period.
Capillary wrinkling of floating thin polymer films.
An antifungal agent inhibits an aminoacyl-tRNA synthetase by trapping tRNA in the editing site.
The Near Eastern origin of cat domestication.
An X chromosome gene, WTX, is commonly inactivated in Wilms tumor.
Short-term variations in the oxidizing power of the atmosphere.
Molecular electronics: charged with manipulation.
Extremely slow Drude relaxation of correlated electrons.
Conservation: dollars and sense.
Palaeomagnetism of the Vredefort meteorite crater and implications for craters on Mars.
Molecular dynamics of cyclically contracting insect flight muscle in vivo.
The onset of selection.
Water Behaviour: Glass transition in hyperquenched water?.
A global call for new polio vaccines.
Palaeoanatomy and biological affinities of a Cambrian deuterostome (Stylophora).
TBC-domain GAPs for Rab GTPases accelerate GTP hydrolysis by a dual-finger mechanism.
Coral reef diversity refutes the neutral theory of biodiversity.
Robustnessepistasis link shapes the fitness landscape of a randomly drifting protein.
A mechanical explanation of RNA pseudoknot function in programmed ribosomal frameshifting.
Allograft theory: transmission of devil facial-tumour disease.
A magnetic reconnection X-line extending more than 390 Earth radii in the solar wind.
Materials: Carbon nanotubes in an ancient Damascus sabre.
Functional genomics reveals genes involved in protein secretion and Golgi organization.
Karyopherin-mediated import of integral inner nuclear membrane proteins.
Dissection of epistasis in oligogenic BardetBiedl syndrome.
Heterogeneity and tumor history.
Crystal structure of the heterodimeric CLOCK: BMAL1 transcriptional activator complex.
FANCM limits meiotic crossovers.
A less cloudy future: The role of subtropical subsidence in climate sensitivity.
Earthquake in a maze: Compressional rupture branching during the 2012 Mw 8.6 Sumatra earthquake.
The group self.
Early pottery at 20,000 years ago in Xianrendong Cave, China.
Fitness trade-offs and environmentally induced mutation buffering in isogenic C. elegans.
Glial progenitor cellbased treatment and modeling of neurological disease.
Feedback regulation of transcriptional termination by the mammalian circadian clock PERIOD complex.
US House reveals ambitious biomedical innovation plan.
Molecular nitrogen in comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko indicates a low formation temperature.
It starts with a poster.
Observation of optical polarization Mbius strips.
Tilt engineering of spontaneous polarization and magnetization above 300 K in a bulk layered perovskite.
Pick your poison.
All in the (bigger) family.
High hopes for Guinean vaccine trial.
Japan's nuclear renaissance dogged by waste challenge.
Massive dissociation of gas hydrate during a Jurassic oceanic anoxic event.
A learning deficit related to age and -amyloid plaques in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
DNA computing on surfaces.
Structural basis for binding of Smac/DIABLO to the XIAP BIR3 domain.
Resolving the extragalactic hard X-ray background.
An SNP map of the human genome generated by reduced representation shotgun sequencing.
Compartmental specificity of cellular membrane fusion encoded in SNARE proteins.
Asymmetric leaves1 mediates leaf patterning and stem cell function in Arabidopsis.
Pushing the limits of lithography.
Molecular analysis of Neanderthal DNA from the northern Caucasus.
Predecessors of the giant 1960 Chile earthquake.
Quantum criticality.
A common sex-dependent mutation in a RET enhancer underlies Hirschsprung disease risk.
Accelerated ageing in mice deficient in Zmpste24 protease is linked to p53 signalling activation.
Endangered plants persist under phosphorus limitation.
Photosystem II core phosphorylation and photosynthetic acclimation require two different protein kinases.
CFTR channel opening by ATP-driven tight dimerization of its nucleotide-binding domains.
Sox2 is required for sensory organ development in the mammalian inner ear.
CDK-dependent phosphorylation of BRCA2 as a regulatory mechanism for recombinational repair.
Orbital Kondo effect in carbon nanotubes.
Experimental and theoretical differential cross sections for a four-atom reaction: HD+ OH H2O+ D.
The deglacial evolution of North Atlantic deep convection.
Structural basis for methyl transfer by a radical SAM enzyme.
Human tears contain a chemosignal.
Measuring the results of science investments.
Fossilized nuclei and germination structures identify Ediacaran animal embryos as encysting protists.
Cleavage of NIK by the API2-MALT1 fusion oncoprotein leads to noncanonical NF-B activation.
A bicycle can be self-stable without gyroscopic or caster effects.
Single-shot correlations and two-qubit gate of solid-state spins.
Future prospects for cereals that fix nitrogen.
Magnetic clusters on single-walled carbon nanotubes: the Kondo effect in a one-dimensional host.
A potent greenhouse gas identified in the atmosphere: SF5CF3.
TAF-containing and TAF-independent forms of transcriptionally active TBP in vivo.
Neuroscience: Breaking down scientific barriers to the study of brain and mind.
The bacterial flagellar cap as the rotary promoter of flagellin self-assembly.
A basal transcription factor that activates or represses transcription.
Distinct classes of yeast promoters revealed by differential TAF recruitment.
Complementary neural mechanisms for tracking items in human working memory.
Respiration and parturition affected by conditional overexpression of the Ca2+-activated K+ channel subunit, SK3.
A short Fe-Fe distance in peroxodiferric ferritin: control of Fe substrate versus cofactor decay?.
Human-specific transcriptional regulation of CNS development genes by FOXP2.
Experience leaves a lasting structural trace in cortical circuits.
Serial time-encoded amplified imaging for real-time observation of fast dynamic phenomena.
[C] Amphibian breeding and climate.
Tumours with PI3K activation are resistant to dietary restriction.
KDM1B is a histone H3K4 demethylase required to establish maternal genomic imprints.
Copy number variation at 1q21. 1 associated with neuroblastoma.
Role of Jhdm2a in regulating metabolic gene expression and obesity resistance.
Quasicrystalline order in self-assembled binary nanoparticle superlattices.
The proportionality of global warming to cumulative carbon emissions.
Perspective: The big C [mdash] for Chemoprevention.
Three classical Cepheid variable stars in the nuclear bulge of the Milky Way.
Biodiversity: endangered and in demand.
Single-cell analysis: the deepest differences.
Irregular tropical glacier retreat over the Holocene epoch driven by progressive warming.
Neuroscience: towards functional connectomics.
Still in suspense.
Interannual atmospheric variability forced by the deep equatorial Atlantic Ocean.
Materials chemistry: Catalytic accordions.
Preventing hunger: Change economic policy.
Absence of the SRC-2 coactivator results in a glycogenopathy resembling Von Gierke's disease.
Del-1, an endogenous leukocyte-endothelial adhesion inhibitor, limits inflammatory cell recruitment.
Ultrafast probing of core hole localization in N2.
Identification of SCF ubiquitin ligase substrates by global protein stability profiling.
Natural variability of Greenland climate, vegetation, and ice volume during the past million years.
Elementary structural motifs in a random network of cytosine adsorbed on a gold (111) surface.
Slide into action: dynamic shuttling of HIV reverse transcriptase on nucleic acid substrates.
Life cycle of translational research for medical interventions.
A structural mechanism for MscS gating in lipid bilayers.
Remeasuring the double helix.
Children of the AIDS pandemic.
Non-natives: plusses of invasion ecology.
Materials Science: Complex order in soft matter.
Military robotics and ethics: A world of killer apps.
Perspective: the clinical trial barriers.
Uncertain sanctuary.
Every bite you take.
[C] China needs no foreign help to feed itself.
Solar physics: Waves galore.
Demography: Greater lifetime expectations.
Bacterial genomics: pump up the versatility.
Manhattan versus Reykjavik.
Biodiversity's ups and downs.
Cell biology: Making membranes in bacteria.
Superconductivity: C60the hole story.
Bones, molecules or both?.
Gene regulation: Neutralizing noise in gene networks.
Artificial life: From robot dreams to reality.
Effectiveness of parks in protecting tropical biodiversity.
Role of histone H3 lysine 9 methylation in epigenetic control of heterochromatin assembly.
Observation of vortex lattices in Bose-Einstein condensates.
Loss of caveolae, vascular dysfunction, and pulmonary defects in caveolin-1 gene-disrupted mice.
Diversity and productivity in a long-term grassland experiment.
Activation by IKK of a second, evolutionary conserved, NF-B signaling pathway.
Blocks of limited haplotype diversity revealed by high-resolution scanning of human chromosome 21.
Control of a mucosal challenge and prevention of AIDS by a multiprotein DNA/MVA vaccine.
Range shifts and adaptive responses to Quaternary climate change.
A transcriptively active complex of APP with Fe65 and histone acetyltransferase Tip60.
Color and albedo heterogeneity of Vesta from Dawn.
Evidence of abundant purifying selection in humans for recently acquired regulatory functions.
Nuclear genomic sequences reveal that polar bears are an old and distinct bear lineage.
Electrically, chemically, and photonically powered torsional and tensile actuation of hybrid carbon nanotube yarn muscles.
Changes in wind pattern alter albatross distribution and life-history traits.
Evolution of a vertebrate social decision-making network.
Coherent phonon heat conduction in superlattices.
Structural insight into the ion-exchange mechanism of the sodium/calcium exchanger.
Gene loops enhance transcriptional directionality.
Actin network architecture can determine myosin motor activity.
Dissociation of MgSiO3 in the cores of gas giants and terrestrial exoplanets.
Cell-directed assembly of lipid-silica nanostructures providing extended cell viability.
Vesicle formation at the plasma membrane and trans-Golgi network: the same but different.
Visualizing picometric quantum ripples of ultrafast wave-packet interference.
Fuel-powered artificial muscles.
Comment on Ongoing adaptive evolution of ASPM, a brain size determinant in Homo sapiens and Microcephalin, a gene regulating brain size, continues to evolve  .
Selection on gamete recognition proteins depends on sex, density, and genotype frequency.
Rats smell in stereo.
Plastic deformation of MgGeO3 post-perovskite at lower mantle pressures.
Transcript-assisted transcriptional proofreading.
Altered river morphology in South Africa related to the Permian-Triassic extinction.
Distal initiation and active propagation of action potentials in interneuron dendrites.
All-optical magnetic resonance in semiconductors.
O2 activation by nonheme iron complexes: a monomeric Fe (III)-oxo complex derived from O2.
The response of two contrasting limestone grasslands to simulated climate change.
Dynamically controlled protein tunneling paths in photosynthetic reaction centers.
Gamma oscillations and object processing in the infant brain.
A high-affinity iron permease essential for Candida albicans virulence.
The quiet revolution: biodiversity informatics and the internet.
Degradation of outer membrane protein A in Escherichia coli killing by neutrophil elastase.
Observation of transient structural-transformation dynamics in a Cu2S nanorod.
Polarized gamma-ray emission from the galactic black hole Cygnus X-1.
The endocast of MH1, Australopithecus sediba.
Nicotinic acetylcholine receptor 2 subunits in the medial prefrontal cortex control attention.
Widespread persistent thickening of the East Antarctic Ice Sheet by freezing from the base.
800,000 years of abrupt climate variability.
Quantum criticality without tuning in the mixed valence compound -YbAlB4.
Coherent two-dimensional nanoscopy.
Topological defects coupling smectic modulations to intraunit-cell nematicity in cuprates.
A partial pelvis of Australopithecus sediba.
The signature of supernova ejecta in the X-ray afterglow of the -ray burst 011211.
Reassessing the evidence for the earliest traces of life.
Dopamine-mediated modulation of odour-evoked amygdala potentials during pavlovian conditioning.
Diversity-dependent production can decrease the stability of ecosystem functioning.
Association of dwarfism and floral induction with a grape 'green revolution'mutation.
A small-systems approach to motor pattern generation.
Overexpression of -carotene hydroxylase enhances stress tolerance in Arabidopsis.
Spin-galvanic effect.
Three-dimensional structure of the bacterial protein-translocation complex SecYEG.
Hot bubbles from active galactic nuclei as a heat source in cooling-flow clusters.
Efficient mixing of the solar nebula from uniform Mo isotopic composition of meteorites.
Field sports and conservation in the United Kingdom.
Pharmacogenetics and genotyping: on the trail of SNPs.
The world's forgotten crisis.
Global change: South dials north.
Ecology: evolution in population dynamics.
How to clean a beach.
Special Report: The birth of biotechnology.
Quantum physics: Wheels within wheels.
Medical technology: balancing the unbalanced.
[C] anonymous1.
[C] SmartPen from LightScribe records all your notes and stores them for you.
[C] Atl's Hottest Awards Photo Gallery.
[C] Samsung Galaxy S 4 Pre-Sale Starts April 16 for $249.
Enhancing the role of pharmacists in public health in developing countries.
[C] iPad Movie Projection Glasses, You definitely want these.
New Technology is Helping African Americans Trace Their Families During & After Slavery.
Could Autism Be Treated Prenatally?.
[C] Have you ever experienced Facebook Envy? it'sa real Phenomenon..
Pest control: biopesticides' potential.
North Atlantic Ocean control on surface heat flux on multidecadal timescales.
Carbon-dioxide-rich silicate melt in the Earth/'s upper mantle.
Coastal flooding by tropical cyclones and sea-level rise.
KAT5 tyrosine phosphorylation couples chromatin sensing to ATM signalling.
Nanog, Pou5f1 and SoxB1 activate zygotic gene expression during the maternal-to-zygotic transition.
DNA damage in germ cells induces an innate immune response that triggers systemic stress resistance.
The sarcolipin-bound calcium pump stabilizes calcium sites exposed to the cytoplasm.
Optical addressing of an individual erbium ion in silicon.
Coupling a single electron to a Bose-Einstein condensate.
Earliest evidence for cheese making in the sixth millennium BC in northern Europe.
Athlete testing: Sports doping vastly underestimated.
Tet2 is required to resolve inflammation by recruiting Hdac2 to specifically repress IL-6.
Device fabrication: Three-dimensional printed electronics.
 .
Two independent and primitive envelopes of the bilobate nucleus of comet 67P.
 Wnt .
Biochar: Bring on the sewage.
A resource for cell line authentication, annotation and quality control.
Decompensated cirrhosis and microbiome interpretation.
Science, technology and the future of small autonomous drones.
The microbial engines that drive Earth's biogeochemical cycles.
In vivo imaging of membrane-associated glycans in developing zebrafish.
Tough, bio-inspired hybrid materials.
Reconstruction of zebrafish early embryonic development by scanned light sheet microscopy.
Synchronizing rock clocks of Earth history.
CRISPR interference limits horizontal gene transfer in staphylococci by targeting DNA.
A rubberlike stretchable active matrix using elastic conductors.
Batf3 deficiency reveals a critical role for CD8+ dendritic cells in cytotoxic T cell immunity.
Divergent transcription from active promoters.
Ab initio determination of light hadron masses.
Stable introduction of a life-shortening Wolbachia infection into the mosquito Aedes aegypti.
Detection of perchlorate and the soluble chemistry of martian soil at the Phoenix lander site.
Strong release of methane on Mars in northern summer 2003.
Changes in cortical dopamine D1 receptor binding associated with cognitive training.
Stress-inducible regulation of heat shock factor 1 by the deacetylase SIRT1.
A gene network regulating lysosomal biogenesis and function.
Positive interactions promote public cooperation.
Functional amyloids as natural storage of peptide hormones in pituitary secretory granules.
An analytical solution to the kinetics of breakable filament assembly.
Enhanced sulfur and coking tolerance of a mixed ion conductor for SOFCs: BaZr0. 1Ce0. 7Y0. 2xYbxO3.
Cyclic GMP-AMP is an endogenous second messenger in innate immune signaling by cytosolic DNA.
Lentiviral hematopoietic stem cell gene therapy benefits metachromatic leukodystrophy.
An inhibitor of mutant IDH1 delays growth and promotes differentiation of glioma cells.
Massive Dirac fermions and Hofstadter butterfly in a van der Waals heterostructure.
Who's afraid of peer review?.
Sex differences in the gut microbiome drive hormone-dependent regulation of autoimmunity.
An atomic clock with 1018 instability.
Planar photonics with metasurfaces.
Quantifying the influence of climate on human conflict.
Lentiviral hematopoietic stem cell gene therapy in patients with Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome.
The unresolved fine structure resolved: IRIS observations of the solar transition region.
Implementing Pasteur's vision for rabies elimination.
Ultrafast generation of pseudo-magnetic field for valley excitons in WSe2 monolayers.
Chaotic dynamics of stellar spin in binaries and the production of misaligned hot Jupiters.
Closing the cohesin ring: Structure and function of its Smc3-kleisin interface.
Molecular-level functional magnetic resonance imaging of dopaminergic signaling.
Sequential histone-modifying activities determine the robustness of transdifferentiation.
Discovery of bridgmanite, the most abundant mineral in Earth, in a shocked meteorite.
Engineering alcohol tolerance in yeast.
Exciton liquid in coupled quantum wells.
Seismic evidence for water deep in Earth's upper mantle.
Molecular fossil record of elevated methane levels in late Pleistocene coastal waters.
Modulating sphingolipid biosynthetic pathway rescues photoreceptor degeneration.
Conversion of working memory to motor sequence in the monkey premotor cortex.
Modernizing the tree of life.
All that glitters is not Au0.
Carbon tunneling from a single quantum state.
Orbital motion in the radio galaxy 3C 66B: evidence for a supermassive black hole binary.
Melt inclusions in veins: linking magmas and porphyry Cu deposits.
Chemostratigraphic evidence of Deccan volcanism from the marine osmium isotope record.
Regulation of pancreatic  cell mass by neuronal signals from the liver.
Spine-type-specific recruitment of newly synthesized AMPA receptors with learning.
Brown carbon spheres in East Asian outflow and their optical properties.
Reward-predictive cues enhance excitatory synaptic strength onto midbrain dopamine neurons.
Regulation of dendritic cell migration by CD74, the MHC class II-associated invariant chain.
Bats limit arthropods and herbivory in a tropical forest.
A specialized forebrain circuit for vocal babbling in the juvenile songbird.
Convergence of Campylobacter species: implications for bacterial evolution.
Morphogenetic cell movements: diversity from modular mechanical properties.
Ultrafast x-ray Thomson scattering of shock-compressed matter.
Early consolidation in human primary motor cortex.
Antiferromagnetic order induced by an applied magnetic field in a high-temperature superconductor.
Links between climate and sea levels for the past three million years.
The voltage-gated potassium channels and their relatives.
ERAAP customizes peptides for MHC class I molecules in the endoplasmic reticulum.
Spike-timing-dependent synaptic modification induced by natural spike trains.
Amino acids from ultraviolet irradiation of interstellar ice analogues.
Marine aerosol formation from biogenic iodine emissions.
Atomistic mechanisms governing elastic limit and incipient plasticity in crystals.
All-metallic three-dimensional photonic crystals with a large infrared bandgap.
Dietary change and evolution of horses in North America.
Early gamma oscillations synchronize developing thalamus and cortex.
The developmental role of Agouti in color pattern evolution.
Hemoglobins S and C interfere with actin remodeling in Plasmodium falciparuminfected erythrocytes.
Direct redox regulation of F-actin assembly and disassembly by Mical.
AMP-activated protein kinase regulates neuronal polarization by interfering with PI 3-kinase localization.
Three-dimensional correlation of steric and electronic free energy relationships guides asymmetric propargylation.
Chemical and genetic engineering of selective ion channelligand interactions.
Reversal of interlaminar signal between sensory and memory processing in monkey temporal cortex.
Nanometer-thick equilibrium films: the interface between thermodynamics and atomistics.
Delving deeper into the lower mantle.
High-resolution genomic analysis of human mitochondrial RNA sequence variation.
Large-scale nanoshaping of ultrasmooth 3D crystalline metallic structures.
The littlest patient.
A complex iron-calcium cofactor catalyzing phosphotransfer chemistry.
Imaging crystallization.
Antioxidants could spur tumors by acting on cancer gene.
A unified process for neurological disease.
Gas jets block extragalactic x-rays.
Big impact from a well-placed shake.
Genomic sequencing of Pleistocene cave bears.
Chromatic adaptation of photosynthetic membranes.
Snapshot of Activated G Proteins at the Membrane: The Gq-GRK2-G Complex.
A role for the phagosome in cytokine secretion.
Dependence of self-tolerance on TRAF6-directed development of thymic stroma.
Choosing the crystallization path less traveled.
Characterization of excess electrons in water-cluster anions by quantum simulations.
A self-organized vortex array of hydrodynamically entrained sperm cells.
Global circumnavigations: tracking year-round ranges of nonbreeding albatrosses.
The radiative signature of upper tropospheric moistening.
An RNA map predicting Nova-dependent splicing regulation.
Thymic selection threshold defined by compartmentalization of Ras/MAPK signalling.
Strained silicon as a new electro-optic material.
The rapid formation of a large rotating disk galaxy three billion years after the Big Bang.
Spontaneous skyrmion ground states in magnetic metals.
Shugoshin collaborates with protein phosphatase 2A to protect cohesin.
Relativistic ejecta from X-ray flash XRF 060218 and the rate of cosmic explosions.
A new &ggr;-ray burst classification scheme from GRB 060614.
A distal enhancer and an ultraconserved exon are derived from a novel retroposon.
The giant electromechanical response in ferroelectric relaxors as a critical phenomenon.
A renewed assault on an old and deadly foe.
Extinct 129I in halite from a primitive meteorite: Evidence for evaporite formation in the early solar system.
Status and improvements of coupled general circulation models.
Northridge earthquake damage caused by geologic focusing of seismic waves.
Artificial chromosomes coming to life.
How to be truly photonic.
SNP mappers confront reality and find it daunting.
Molecular identification of a taste receptor gene for trehalose in Drosophila.
Calcium-aluminum-rich inclusions from enstatite chondrites: Indigenous or foreign?.
Detecting resonances.
Human cerebellar activity reflecting an acquired internal model of a new tool.
Protein function in the post-genomic era.
A ribonucleotide reductase gene involved in a p53-dependent cell-cycle checkpoint for DNA damage.
The genome sequence of the plant pathogen Xylella fastidiosa.
Nutritional constraints in terrestrial and freshwater food webs.
Direct imaging of the pores and cages of three-dimensional mesoporous materials.
Effects of mechanical forces on maintenance and adaptation of form in trabecular bone.
Glacial/interglacial variations in atmospheric carbon dioxide.
Annual fluxes of carbon from deforestation and regrowth in the Brazilian Amazon.
A nanometre-scale electronic switch consisting of a metal cluster and redox-addressable groups.
The genome sequence of the rice blast fungus Magnaporthe grisea.
Tumour biology: senescence in premalignant tumours.
Integrative genomic analyses identify MITF as a lineage survival oncogene amplified in malignant melanoma.
Exogenous and endogenous glycolipid antigens activate NKT cells during microbial infections.
-Lactam antibiotics offer neuroprotection by increasing glutamate transporter expression.
The genome of the social amoeba Dictyostelium discoideum.
Genomic sequence of the pathogenic and allergenic filamentous fungus Aspergillus fumigatus.
Interaction network containing conserved and essential protein complexes in Escherichia coli.
Uncertainty in predictions of the climate response to rising levels of greenhouse gases.
A SUMOylation-dependent pathway mediates transrepression of inflammatory response genes by PPAR-.
Optimizing perovskites for the water-splitting reaction.
A reservoir of ionized gas in the galactic halo to sustain star formation in the Milky Way.
Population policy in transition in the developing world.
Pseudomonas sax genes overcome aliphatic isothiocyanatemediated non-host resistance in arabidopsis.
Three-dimensional orientation mapping in the transmission electron microscope.
Pattern in escalations in insurgent and terrorist activity.
Linking models of polymerization and dynamics to predict branched polymer structure and flow.
MED23 mutation links intellectual disability to dysregulation of immediate early gene expression.
Hollows on Mercury: MESSENGER evidence for geologically recent volatile-related activity.
Structure of the FANCI-FANCD2 complex: insights into the Fanconi anemia DNA repair pathway.
Vasopressin and oxytocin excite distinct neuronal populations in the central amygdala.
Logic of the yeast metabolic cycle: temporal compartmentalization of cellular processes.
Kinesin and dynein move a peroxisome in vivo: a tug-of-war or coordinated movement?.
Photic zone euxinia during the Permian-Triassic superanoxic event.
Differential lysosomal proteolysis in antigen-presenting cells determines antigen fate.
Multiple causes of high extinction risk in large mammal species.
Postsynaptic receptor trafficking underlying a form of associative learning.
Carotenoid cation formation and the regulation of photosynthetic light harvesting.
Pre-and postinvasion defenses both contribute to nonhost resistance in Arabidopsis.
Bottom-up ecosystem trophic dynamics determine fish production in the Northeast Pacific.
Somatic mutation in single human neurons tracks developmental and transcriptional history.
Malaria may accelerate aging in birds.
Targeting Wnt signaling in lymphoma.
Evolution of sexual traits influencing vectorial capacity in anopheline mosquitoes.
Neoantigens in cancer immunotherapy.
A stable trimeric influenza hemagglutinin stem as a broadly protective immunogen.
How rivers respond to dam removals.
An over-massive black hole in a typical star-forming galaxy, 2 billion years after the Big Bang.
Colloidal matter: Packing, geometry, and entropy.
Oblique stepwise rise and growth of the Tibet Plateau.
Nuclear receptors and lipid physiology: opening the X-files.
A transgenic model of visceral obesity and the metabolic syndrome.
Observation of a train of attosecond pulses from high harmonic generation.
Systematic genetic analysis with ordered arrays of yeast deletion mutants.
Preferential localization of effector memory cells in nonlymphoid tissue.
Molecular analysis of commensal host-microbial relationships in the intestine.
Highly polarized photoluminescence and photodetection from single indium phosphide nanowires.
Commensal host-bacterial relationships in the gut.
Insulin resistance and a diabetes mellitus-like syndrome in mice lacking the protein kinase Akt2 (PKB).
Experimental adaptation of an influenza H5 HA confers respiratory droplet transmission to a reassortant H5 HA/H1N1 virus in ferrets.
The accessible chromatin landscape of the human genome.
Clonal evolution in relapsed acute myeloid leukaemia revealed by whole-genome sequencing.
Clonal evolution in cancer.
The clonal and mutational evolution spectrum of primary triple-negative breast cancers.
Inflammasome-mediated dysbiosis regulates progression of NAFLD and obesity.
Rate of de novo mutations and the importance of father/'s age to disease risk.
A metagenome-wide association study of gut microbiota in type 2 diabetes.
Unresponsiveness of colon cancer to BRAF (V600E) inhibition through feedback activation of EGFR.
The landscape of cancer genes and mutational processes in breast cancer.
Protein kinase C overactivity impairs prefrontal cortical regulation of working memory.
Bedout: a possible end-Permian impact crater offshore of northwestern Australia.
A genome-wide screen identifies genes required for centromeric cohesion.
Pulsars in binary systems: probing binary stellar evolution and general relativity.
Organic aerosol growth mechanisms and their climate-forcing implications.
The Gs-linked receptor GPR3 maintains meiotic arrest in mammalian oocytes.
RNAi-independent heterochromatin nucleation by the stress-activated ATF/CREB family proteins.
Hemocyte-mediated shell mineralization in the eastern oyster.
The structure of a mycobacterial outer-membrane channel.
A link between mRNA turnover and RNA interference in Arabidopsis.
A/kilonova/'associated with the short-duration [ggr]-ray burst GRB [thinsp] 130603B.
Activation and allosteric modulation of a muscarinic acetylcholine receptor.
A visual motion detection circuit suggested by Drosophila connectomics.
Climate extremes and the carbon cycle.
Inhibition dominates sensory responses in the awake cortex.
lncRNA-dependent mechanisms of androgen-receptor-regulated gene activation programs.
Ultrastable silver nanoparticles.
Conformational biosensors reveal GPCR signalling from endosomes.
Coherent state transfer between itinerant microwave fields and a mechanical oscillator.
Increase in forest water-use efficiency as atmospheric carbon dioxide concentrations rise.
Palaeontology: a fly in the biogeographic ointment.
Evolutionary biology: genes to make new species.
Plant biology: water gate.
Chemistry: Mirrors in flatland.
Physiology: Cost-free longevity in mice?.
Apartment complex holds clues to pandemic potential of SARS.
Drug companies snub antibiotics as pipeline threatens to run dry.
Nitrogen storage (communication arising): UV-B radiation and soil microbial communities.
Condensed-matter physics (communication arising): Spurious magnetism in high-Tc superconductor.
Insect behaviour: reversal of sex roles in nuptial feeding.
Optomechanically induced transparency.
The neuropeptide oxytocin regulates parochial altruism in intergroup conflict among humans.
Identification of a primary target of thalidomide teratogenicity.
A catalog of reference genomes from the human microbiome.
A giant planet imaged in the disk of the young star  Pictoris.
Generating a prion with bacterially expressed recombinant prion protein.
Quantum oscillations and Hall anomaly of surface states in the topological insulator Bi2Te3.
Biocatalytic asymmetric synthesis of chiral amines from ketones applied to sitagliptin manufacture.
High-flux solar-driven thermochemical dissociation of CO2 and H2O using nonstoichiometric ceria.
Arsenic trioxide controls the fate of the PML-RAR oncoprotein by directly binding PML.
The power of negative thinking.
Mandibular remains support taxonomic validity of Australopithecus sediba.
Our viral inheritance.
An arsenic forecast for China.
Comment on Evidence of abundant purifying selection in humans for recently acquired regulatory functions.
Robustness and compensation of information transmission of signaling pathways.
Fossil musculature of the most primitive jawed vertebrates.
The complete quantum hall trio.
Strong premelting effect in the elastic properties of hcp-Fe under inner-core conditions.
Autosomal dominant mutations affecting X inactivation choice in the mouse.
Probing oxygen motion in disordered anionic conductors with 17O and 51V MAS NMR spectroscopy.
Natural product terpenoids in Eocene and Miocene conifer fossils.
Polytype distribution in circumstellar silicon carbide.
Surface stress and thermodynamic nanoscale size selection.
Prehistoric decline of genetic diversity in the nene.
The vibrational spectrum of H2O3.
Slick recruitment to the Golgi.
Everyone's a (future) chemist.
Superconducting Qubits--a Major Roadblock Dissolved?.
Quantum information processing with atoms and photons.
Resource-based niches provide a basis for plant species diversity and dominance in arctic tundra.
Myocardial gene therapy.
Challenges for taxonomy.
Synthetic GPI as a candidate anti-toxic vaccine in a model of malaria.
Climate change and the resurgence of malaria in the East African highlands.
Growth of early continental crust controlled by melting of amphibolite in subduction zones.
Shh and Gli3 are dispensable for limb skeleton formation but regulate digit number and identity.
TNF-RII and c-IAP1 mediate ubiquitination and degradation of TRAF2.
Satellite imagery in the study and forecast of malaria.
Protein dynamism and evolvability.
Genetic properties of the maize nested association mapping population.
Control of self-assembly of DNA tubules through integration of gold nanoparticles.
Colloidal nanocrystals with molecular metal chalcogenide surface ligands.
Extinction-reconsolidation boundaries: key to persistent attenuation of fear memories.
SDH5, a gene required for flavination of succinate dehydrogenase, is mutated in paraganglioma.
Nonlocal transport in the quantum spin Hall state.
Mammalian expression of infrared fluorescent proteins engineered from a bacterial phytochrome.
Ice age terminations.
Mechanically activated integrin switch controls 51 function.
Hair cell synaptic ribbons are essential for synchronous auditory signalling.
Dynamic predictive coding by the retina.
Chromatin remodelling and epigenetic features of germ cells.
Evolutionary information for specifying a protein fold.
Deep sub-seafloor prokaryotes stimulated at interfaces over geological time.
Meteorology: hurricanes and global warming.
Variations in earthquake-size distribution across different stress regimes.
Highly coupled ATP synthesis by F1-ATPase single molecules.
Long-term sensory deprivation prevents dendritic spine loss in primary somatosensory cortex.
Structures of complement component C3 provide insights into the function and evolution of immunity.
The complex nature of superconductivity in MgB2 as revealed by the reduced total isotope effect.
Female sticklebacks count alleles in a strategy of sexual selection explaining MHC polymorphism.
Perceptual learning without perception.
Major fungal lineages are derived from lichen symbiotic ancestors.
Three key residues form a critical contact network in a protein folding transition state.
Vertical interactions across ten parallel, stacked representations in the mammalian retina.
Materials science: nanoscale control of chain polymerization.
The concepts of 'sameness' and 'difference'in an insect.
An unusually massive stellar black hole in the Galaxy.
Haematopoietic cell-specific CDM family protein DOCK2 is essential for lymphocyte migration.
Modelling the effects of subjective and objective decision making in scientific peer review.
A synaptic and circuit basis for corollary discharge in the auditory cortex.
Copper is required for oncogenic BRAF signalling and tumorigenesis.
Structural basis of Sec-independent membrane protein insertion by YidC.
A common Greenlandic TBC1D4 variant confers muscle insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes.
Rapid remobilization of magmatic crystals kept in cold storage.
An enteric virus can replace the beneficial function of commensal bacteria.
Upwash exploitation and downwash avoidance by flap phasing in ibis formation flight.
Sensory-motor transformations for speech occur bilaterally.
Vibrational spectroscopy in the electron microscope.
Modeling the nucleus and jets of comet 81P/Wild 2 based on the Stardust encounter data.
Exploiting tolerance processes in transplantation.
Localization and physical property experiments conducted by Opportunity at Meridiani Planum.
Compensated deleterious mutations in insect genomes.
A new paradigm for Earth's core-mantle boundary.
How extinction patterns affect ecosystems.
A functional protein chip for pathway optimization and in vitro metabolic engineering.
Nucleic acid nanotechnology.
Avoiding destructive remediation at DOE sites.
Transient uplift after a 17th-century earthquake along the Kuril subduction zone.
Comment on" population size does not influence mitochondrial genetic diversity in animals".
Oxygen isotope variation in stony-iron meteorites.
G protein signaling in yeast: new components, new connections, new compartments.
Saturn's spokes: Lost and found.
PHYSICS: Gaps and Our Understanding.
Solar rotation effects on the thermospheres of Mars and Earth.
Modulation of cell adhesion and motility in the immune system by Myo1f.
Composites in armor.
Evidence for a past high-eccentricity lunar orbit.
Paucity of genes on the Drosophila X chromosome showing male-biased expression.
Genetic control of surface curvature.
Organizing axes in time and space; 25 years of colinear tinkering.
Deciphering the reaction dynamics underlying optimal control laser fields.
Atomic-resolution imaging of oxygen in perovskite ceramics.
Three-dimensional structure of herpes simplex virus from cryo-electron tomography.
Toxins-antitoxins: plasmid maintenance, programmed cell death, and cell cycle arrest.
Molecular imaging: looking at problems, seeing solutions.
Transcription elongation factors repress transcription initiation from cryptic sites.
Performance monitoring by the anterior cingulate cortex during saccade countermanding.
Regulators of cerebellar granule cell development act through specific signaling pathways.
Chemical reactions involving quantum tunneling.
Low-noise current amplifier based on mesoscopic Josephson junction.
An environmental experiment with H2?.
SMC Complexes--Wrapped Up in Controversy.
WHO advises kicking the livestock antibiotic habit.
Stroke-tPA and the clinic.
Closing of the nucleotide pocket of kinesin-family motors upon binding to microtubules.
Tapping the mind.
Metapopulation persistence with age-dependent disturbance or succession.
Demethylation of H3K27 regulates polycomb recruitment and H2A ubiquitination.
Late-Neoproterozoic deep-ocean oxygenation and the rise of animal life.
Local replenishment of coral reef fish populations in a marine reserve.
A membrane receptor for retinol binding protein mediates cellular uptake of vitamin A.
Dentate gyrus NMDA receptors mediate rapid pattern separation in the hippocampal network.
Role of solvent-host interactions that lead to very large swelling of hybrid frameworks.
RAP80 targets BRCA1 to specific ubiquitin structures at DNA damage sites.
Gene body-specific methylation on the active X chromosome.
Parallels between cytokinesis and retroviral budding: a role for the ESCRT machinery.
A two-amino acid change in the hemagglutinin of the 1918 influenza virus abolishes transmission.
Conserved genetic basis of a quantitative plumage trait involved in mate choice.
Powering fuel cells with CO via aqueous polyoxometalates and gold catalysts.
Evidence for positive epistasis in HIV-1.
Basaltic rocks analyzed by the Spirit rover in Gusev Crater.
Hydrocarbons in hydrothermal vent fluids: the role of chromium-bearing catalysts.
Activity-dependent internalization of smoothened mediated by -arrestin 2 and GRK2.
A predator unmasked: life cycle of Bdellovibrio bacteriovorus from a genomic perspective.
Mineralogy at Gusev Crater from the Mssbauer spectrometer on the Spirit Rover.
Not so simple.
Hydrated electron dynamics: From clusters to bulk.
Superconductivity without phonons.
Dark matter maps reveal cosmic scaffolding.
The structure of a plant photosystem I supercomplex at 3.4  resolution.
West Nile virus emergence and large-scale declines of North American bird populations.
The molecular sociology of the cell.
RAG2 PHD finger couples histone H3 lysine 4 trimethylation with V (D) J recombination.
A molecular information ratchet.
Hippocampal remapping and grid realignment in entorhinal cortex.
Innate versus learned odour processing in the mouse olfactory bulb.
Energy-dependent regulation of cell structure by AMP-activated protein kinase.
Gene regulation by transcription factors and microRNAs.
Antibiotics and antibiotic resistance genes in natural environments.
Time-resolved observation and control of superexchange interactions with ultracold atoms in optical lattices.
Impacts of atmospheric anthropogenic nitrogen on the open ocean.
An in vivo map of the yeast protein interactome.
High-resolution scanning x-ray diffraction microscopy.
Self-sorted, aligned nanotube networks for thin-film transistors.
The global circulation of seasonal influenza A (H3N2) viruses.
Carbon nanotube arrays with strong shear binding-on and easy normal lifting-off.
Measurement of the distribution of site enhancements in surface-enhanced Raman scattering.
Design aesthetics: principles of pleasure in design.
DNA damage and tumor surveillance: one trigger for two pathways.
What's Ub chain linkage got to do with it?.
Enhanced SMYD3 expression is essential for the growth of breast cancer cells.
BRAF and MEK mutations make a late entrance.
Stress-ING out: phosphoinositides mediate the cellular stress response.
Individual differences in impression management: An exploration of the psychological processes underlying faking.
Status of medicinal plants in the disturbed and the undisturbed sacred forests of Meghalaya, northeast India: population structure and regeneration efficacy of some  .
Molecular mechanisms of pancreatic carcinogenesis.
Blockade of bulky lymphomaassociated CD55 expression by RNA interference overcomes resistance to complementdependent cytotoxicity with rituximab.
Maternal retinoids control type 3 innate lymphoid cells and set the offspring immunity.
DNA-mediated nanoparticle crystallization into Wulff polyhedra.
Structure of the AcrAB-TolC multidrug efflux pump.
A semi-synthetic organism with an expanded genetic alphabet.
Crystal structure of the human glucose transporter GLUT1.
Proof of principle for epitope-focused vaccine design.
Transcription factor achaete-scute homologue 2 initiates follicular T-helper-cell development.
A millisecond pulsar in a stellar triple system.
Amazon forests maintain consistent canopy structure and greenness during the dry season.
Mfsd2a is a transporter for the essential omega-3 fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid.
Regulation of aging and age-related disease by DAF-16 and heat-shock factor.
Mitochondrial biogenesis in mammals: the role of endogenous nitric oxide.
A reversibly switching surface.
Electrically induced optical emission from a carbon nanotube FET.
Role of histone H3 lysine 27 methylation in X inactivation.
Wild-type nonneuronal cells extend survival of SOD1 mutant motor neurons in ALS mice.
Autophagy genes are essential for dauer development and life-span extension in C. elegans.
Collection, mapping, and annotation of over 28,000 cDNA clones from japonica rice.
KCNQ1 gain-of-function mutation in familial atrial fibrillation.
Peroxiredoxin evolution and the regulation of hydrogen peroxide signaling.
Predicting and manipulating cardiac drug inactivation by the human gut bacterium Eggerthella lenta.
Optogenetic stimulation of lateral orbitofronto-striatal pathway suppresses compulsive behaviors.
Elongation factor G bound to the ribosome in an intermediate state of translocation.
Gravitational-wave limits from pulsar timing constrain supermassive black hole evolution.
Deciphering the glycosylome of dystroglycanopathies using haploid screens for lassa virus entry.
Unraveling the mechanism of protein disaggregation through a ClpB-DnaK interaction.
Wildlife ecotoxicology of pesticides: can we track effects to the population level and beyond?.
Systematic identification of signal-activated stochastic gene regulation.
Repeated cortico-striatal stimulation generates persistent OCD-like behavior.
Nuclear pore scaffold structure analyzed by super-resolution microscopy and particle averaging.
Catalytic conversion of nitrogen to ammonia by an iron model complex.
Exaggerated translation causes synaptic and behavioural aberrations associated with autism.
Three-dimensional imaging of dislocations in a nanoparticle at atomic resolution.
Towards an exact description of electronic wavefunctions in real solids.
Interface-engineered templates for molecular spin memory devices.
Follicular T-helper cell recruitment governed by bystander B cells and ICOS-driven motility.
Bacteriophage genes that inactivate the CRISPR/Cas bacterial immune system.
Prkcz null mice show normal learning and memory.
Variation and genetic control of protein abundance in humans.
Perovskite oxides for visible-light-absorbing ferroelectric and photovoltaic materials.
Labelling and optical erasure of synaptic memory traces in the motor cortex.
Observation of the rare Bs0 +  decay from the combined analysis of CMS and LHCb data.
Scenarios for the making of vertebrates.
Bees.
Single-dose attenuated Vesiculovax vaccines protect primates against Ebola Makona virus.
An atomic structure of human [ggr]-secretase.
Structure of the E. coli ribosome-EF-Tu complex at< 3 A resolution by Cs-corrected cryo-EM.
A self-organized biomechanical network drives shape changes during tissue morphogenesis.
Hubert Markl (1938-2015).
Short-term contracts: Labs leak staff under French law.
Palaeontology: Leg feathers in an Early Cretaceous bird.
Extinction: past and present.
Biogeochemistry: Carbon budget in the black.
Discovery of five irregular moons of Neptune.
The Lyman- glow of gas falling into the dark matter halo of az &equals; 3 galaxy.
Natural resources: Bioprospects less than golden.
Prediction of a global climate change on Jupiter.
Seismic reflection imaging of two megathrust shear zones in the northern Cascadia subduction zone.
Conservation biology: biodiversity barometers.
Animal behaviour: coalition among male fiddler crabs.
Variations in solar luminosity and their effect on the Earth's climate.
Reassembly of shattered chromosomes in Deinococcus radiodurans.
The nitrate/proton antiporter AtCLCa mediates nitrate accumulation in plant vacuoles.
Prions and their partners in crime.
Magma-maintained rift segmentation at continental rupture in the 2005 Afar dyking episode.
PML inhibits HIF-1 translation and neoangiogenesis through repression of mTOR.
The mechanism by which influenza A virus nucleoprotein forms oligomers and binds RNA.
Mechanisms of drug inhibition of signalling molecules.
Expression profiling in primates reveals a rapid evolution of human transcription factors.
RNA translocation and unwinding mechanism of HCV NS3 helicase and its coordination by ATP.
Structure and flexibility adaptation in nonspecific and specific protein-DNA complexes.
Dissection of the mammalian midbody proteome reveals conserved cytokinesis mechanisms.
Control and measurement of three-qubit entangled states.
Phosphoryl transfer and calcium ion occlusion in the calcium pump.
Molybdenum isotope evidence for widespread anoxia in mid-Proterozoic oceans.
Hydrophobic collapse in multidomain protein folding.
Quantum state transfer between matter and light.
Computational design of a biologically active enzyme.
Energy transfer across a metal film mediated by surface plasmon polaritons.
Thymic Origin of Intestinal  T Cells Revealed by Fate Mapping of RORt+ Cells.
MAPKK-independent activation of p38 mediated by TAB1-dependent autophosphorylation of p38.
Tumstatin, an endothelial cell-specific inhibitor of protein synthesis.
Repairing the injured spinal cord.
Comparative genome and proteome analysis of Anopheles gambiae and Drosophila melanogaster.
Correlating structural dynamics and function in single ribozyme molecules.
Variant of SCN5A sodium channel implicated in risk of cardiac arrhythmia.
53BP1, a mediator of the DNA damage checkpoint.
Crystal structure of Escherichia coli MscS, a voltage-modulated and mechanosensitive channel.
Broadband modulation of light by using an electro-optic polymer.
Structures of glycoprotein Ib and its complex with von Willebrand factor A1 domain.
Dendritic cell PAR1S1P3 signalling couples coagulation and inflammation.
Prospects for detecting supersymmetric dark matter in the Galactic halo.
Failure of neuronal homeostasis results in common neuropsychiatric phenotypes.
The bacterial enzyme RppH triggers messenger RNA degradation by 5 pyrophosphate removal.
Microbiology: metagenomics.
Earliest date for milk use in the Near East and southeastern Europe linked to cattle herding.
Recognition of hemi-methylated DNA by the SRA protein UHRF1 by a base-flipping mechanism.
Testing the speed of 'spooky action at a distance'.
Proportionally more deleterious genetic variation in European than in African populations.
Inapparent infections and cholera dynamics.
Phycobilisomes supply excitations to both photosystems in a megacomplex in cyanobacteria.
Functional lysine modification by an intrinsically reactive primary glycolytic metabolite.
Broadband 2D electronic spectroscopy reveals a carotenoid dark state in purple bacteria.
Topological quantum computationfrom basic concepts to first experiments.
Self-medication in animals.
Human influences on nitrogen removal in lakes.
Erythropoietin derived by chemical synthesis.
The inhibitory circuit architecture of the lateral hypothalamus orchestrates feeding.
Molecular basis of tubulin transport within the cilium by IFT74 and IFT81.
Recent changes in the ventilation of the southern oceans.
Food-web interactions govern the resistance of communities after non-random extinctions.
Structural basis for packaging the dimeric genome of Moloney murine leukaemia virus.
Transmission of cutaneous leishmaniasis by sand flies is enhanced by regurgitation of fPPG.
Crystal structure and mechanism of a bacterial fluorinating enzyme.
Magnesium sulphate salts and the history of water on Mars.
Pleiotropy as a mechanism to stabilize cooperation.
Unusually dynamic sex roles in a fish.
Generation of ultraviolet entangled photons in a semiconductor.
Climate: large-scale warming is not urban.
Growth-regulated recruitment of the essential yeast ribosomal protein gene activator Ifh1.
Activation of central melanocortin pathways by fenfluramine.
Dependence of heterochromatic histone H3 methylation patterns on the Arabidopsis gene DDM1.
Disassembly of transcriptional regulatory complexes by molecular chaperones.
Thermotolerance generated by plant/fungal symbiosis.
An mRNA surveillance mechanism that eliminates transcripts lacking termination codons.
Antarctic sea ice--a habitat for extremophiles.
A general model for designing networks of marine reserves.
ATR homolog Mec1 promotes fork progression, thus averting breaks in replication slow zones.
Creation and manipulation of three-dimensional optically trapped structures.
Crystal engineering: from structure to function.
Ecology: Ultraviolet reflectance by the skin of nestlings.
A Silurian sea spider.
Ant parasite queens revert to mating singly.
Drosophila long-term memory formation involves regulation of cathepsin activity.
Evolutionary biology: The cod that got away.
Cyclotron frequency shifts arising from polarization forces.
Complex auditory behaviour emerges from simple reactive steering.
Enhanced ice sheet growth in Eurasia owing to adjacent ice-dammed lakes.
Enzymes: By chance, or by design?.
Inscribed matter as an energy-efficient means of communication with an extraterrestrial civilization.
Modulated chemical doping of individual carbon nanotubes.
A low-operating-temperature solid oxide fuel cell in hydrocarbon-air mixtures.
Supperplastic extensibility of nanocrystalline copper at room termperature.
Kinesin superfamily motor protein KIF17 and mLin-10 in NMDA receptor-containing vesicle transport.
Molecules in a Bose-Einstein condensate.
Control of energy transfer in oriented conjugated polymer-mesoporous silica composites.
Docosahexaenoic acid, a ligand for the retinoid X receptor in mouse brain.
Cooperation through image scoring in humans.
Molybdenum nanowires by electrodeposition.
Functional role of caspase-1 and caspase-3 in an ALS transgenic mouse model.
Bridging a gap in actinide chemistry.
Insects diversify one molecule to serve two systems.
How far can we push Chemical Self Assembly.
Bone quality fills holes in fracture risk.
Comment on" The Ocean Sink for Anthropogenic CO2".
Decoding calcium signaling.
Lost city life.
Putting the fingers on gene repair.
Now presenting:  T cells.
Lessons in rational drug design for protein kinases.
Recognition of DNA damage by the Rad4 nucleotide excision repair protein.
Sensory neuron sodium channel Nav1. 8 is essential for pain at low temperatures.
Inhibition of nociceptors by TRPV1-mediated entry of impermeant sodium channel blockers.
Host specificity of Lepidoptera in tropical and temperate forests.
Observation of the two-channel Kondo effect.
Structural basis for substrate loading in bacterial RNA polymerase.
An essential role for a CD36-related receptor in pheromone detection in Drosophila.
SIRT1 regulates the histone methyl-transferase SUV39H1 during heterochromatin formation.
Organ size is limited by the number of embryonic progenitor cells in the pancreas but not the liver.
Frequency of word-use predicts rates of lexical evolution throughout Indo-European history.
Stable magnesium (I) compounds with Mg-Mg bonds.
An inward-facing conformation of a putative metal-chelate-type ABC transporter.
20th-century industrial black carbon emissions altered arctic climate forcing.
Quantum coherent tunable coupling of superconducting qubits.
Attosecond control and measurement: lightwave electronics.
Long-lived giant number fluctuations in a swarming granular nematic.
Temporal frequency of subthreshold oscillations scales with entorhinal grid cell field spacing.
A common explosion mechanism for type Ia supernovae.
The FERONIA receptor-like kinase mediates male-female interactions during pollen tube reception.
Quantitative phylogenetic assessment of microbial communities in diverse environments.
LAF1 ubiquitination by COP1 controls photomorphogenesis and is stimulated by SPA1.
Direct observation of attosecond light bunching.
Bone recognition mechanism of porcine osteocalcin from crystal structure.
Gas-bubble lesions in stranded cetaceans.
Glycine binding primes NMDA receptor internalization.
Centresurround inhibition among olfactory bulb glomeruli.
An asymptotic-giant-branch star in the progenitor system of a type Ia supernova.
Planning for smallpox outbreaks.
The exocyst complex is required for targeting of Glut4 to the plasma membrane by insulin.
Segregation of receptor and ligand regulates activation of epithelial growth factor receptor.
Is REST a regulator of pluripotency?.
Prepublication data sharing..
Accelerating production of medical isotopes.
An unusual mechanism of thymidylate biosynthesis in organisms containing the thyX gene.
Slow earthquakes triggered by typhoons.
Growth landscape formed by perception and import of glucose in yeast.
Long-range oncogenic activation of Ighc-myc translocations by the Igh 3 regulatory region.
Oxygen and hydrogen isotope evidence for a temperate climate 3.42 billion years ago.
Spatial correlation between submillimetre and Lyman-&agr; galaxies in the SSA 22 protocluster.
Evidence for an early prokaryotic endosymbiosis.
The plastic deformation of iron at pressures of the Earth's inner core.
An area for vergence eye movement in primate frontal cortex.
A photorefractive organically modified silica glass with high optical gain.
Growth of carbon micro-trees.
Oceanography: stirring times in the Southern Ocean.
Coulomb-blockade transport in single-crystal organic thin-film transistors.
Epidemiology: reactivation of Borrelia infection in birds.
Explanation for fracture spacing in layered materials.
Photosynthesis: Harvesting sunlight safely.
Helping western forests heal.
Circadian photoreception.
Separate evolutionary origins of teeth from evidence in fossil jawed vertebrates.
Kin selection in cooperative alliances of carrion crows.
A fossil record of galaxy encounters.
Molecular fuel tanks.
[DOC][DOC] Studying the well-trained mind.
Rapid manufacturing of aluminum components.
A new class of bacterial RNA polymerase inhibitor affects nucleotide addition.
The beauty of symmetry.
Geminga's tails: A pulsar bow shock probing the interstellar medium.
Evidence for recent climate change on Mars from the identification of youthful near-surface ground ice.
Bone indentation recovery time correlates with bond reforming time.
Atomic-beam alignment of inorganic materials for liquid-crystal displays.
Protein dispensability and rate of evolution.
In situ detection of collisionless reconnection in the Earth's magnetotail.
Photochemical cycling of iron in the surface ocean mediated by microbial iron (III)-binding ligands.
Intermittent dislocation flow in viscoplastic deformation.
A sodium-channel mutation causes isolated cardiac conduction disease.
Cyclin-dependent kinases prevent DNA re-replication through multiple mechanisms.
Neuroperception: Early visual experience and face processing.
The avian nature of the brain and inner ear of Archaeopteryx.
Inhibition of carbonate synthesis in acidic oceans on early Mars.
Bulk glasses and ultrahard nanoceramics based on alumina and rare-earth oxides.
Naturalistic experience transforms sensory maps in the adult cortex of caged animals.
Convergent evolution in mechanical design of lamnid sharks and tunas.
Magnetic trapping of rare-earth atoms at millikelvin temperatures.
Dependence of the duration of geomagnetic polarity reversals on site latitude.
A euprimate skull from the early Eocene of China.
Chaotic electron diffusion through stochastic webs enhances current flow in superlattices.
Physical chemistry: Quantum mechanics for plants.
Undesirable evolutionary consequences of trophy hunting.
Activation of human CD4&plus; cells with CD3 and CD46 induces a T-regulatory cell 1 phenotype.
Organization of cell assemblies in the hippocampus.
Complete atomic model of the bacterial flagellar filament by electron cryomicroscopy.
The break-up of heavy electrons at a quantum critical point.
Controlled vesicle deformation and lysis by single oscillating bubbles.
Lubrication by charged polymers.
MDC1 is required for the intra-S-phase DNA damage checkpoint.
Oxidation state of the active-site cysteine in protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B.
Pivotal role of oligomerization in expanded polyglutamine neurodegenerative disorders.
Synthetic design of crystalline inorganic chalcogenides exhibiting fast-ion conductivity.
Testis determination requires insulin receptor family function in mice.
Genetic evidence that relative synaptic efficacy biases the outcome of synaptic competition.
An ancient role for nuclear -catenin in the evolution of axial polarity and germ layer segregation.
Animal welfare: captivity effects on wide-ranging carnivores.
Neuronal populations and single cells representing learned auditory objects.
Structure of the Escherichia coli ribosomal termination complex with release factor 2.
Directional postcopulatory sexual selection revealed by artificial insemination.
DNA triplet repeats mediate heterochromatin-protein-1-sensitive variegated gene silencing.
Productivitybiodiversity relationships depend on the history of community assembly.
Melanocyte biology and skin pigmentation.
Early human use of marine resources and pigment in South Africa during the Middle Pleistocene.
A viral microRNA functions as an orthologue of cellular miR-155.
p53-induced inhibition of Hif-1 causes cardiac dysfunction during pressure overload.
Biodiversity and ecosystem multifunctionality.
Grand challenges in chronic non-communicable diseases.
Thymosin &bgr; 4 induces adult epicardial progenitor mobilization and neovascularization.
Fc receptor but not complement binding is important in antibody protection against HIV.
'Rejuvenation'protects neurons in mouse models of Parkinson's disease.
Chemical identification of individual surface atoms by atomic force microscopy.
Ambipolar pentacene field-effect transistors and inverters.
Why stem cells?.
Observation of x-ray lines from a gamma-ray burst (GRB991216): Evidence of moving ejecta from the progenitor.
Altered nociceptive neuronal circuits after neonatal peripheral inflammation.
Discovery of a high-energy gamma-ray-emitting persistent microquasar.
Galileo magnetometer measurements: A stronger case for a subsurface ocean at Europa.
A structural model of transcription elongation.
Granuloma-specific expression of Mycobacterium virulence proteins from the glycine-rich PE-PGRS family.
Biochemical basis of oxidative protein folding in the endoplasmic reticulum.
Biosensors--sense and sensitivity.
Palaeotemperature reconstruction from noble gases in ground water taking into account equilibration with entrapped air.
Cell-cycle-regulated DNA double-strand breaks in somatic hypermutation of immunoglobulin genes.
Myosin V orientates the mitotic spindle in yeast.
Oscillatory cluster patterns in a homogeneous chemical system with global feedback.
Five plus two equals yellow.
New high-pressure phases of lithium.
Symmetry-induced formation of antivortices in mesoscopic superconductors.
Controlling droplet deposition with polymer additives.
Superconductivity at 52 K in hole-doped C60.
Binding of disease-associated prion protein to plasminogen.
LPA3-mediated lysophosphatidic acid signalling in embryo implantation and spacing.
Synthetic biology: engineering Escherichia coli to see light.
Molecular basis of photoprotection and control of photosynthetic light-harvesting.
Dogs cloned from adult somatic cells.
A giant -ray flare from the magnetar SGR 180620.
The ERECTA gene regulates plant transpiration efficiency in Arabidopsis.
Genetically modified Plasmodium parasites as a protective experimental malaria vaccine.
From angiogenesis to neuropathology.
Relaxor ferroelectricity and colossal magnetocapacitive coupling in ferromagnetic CdCr2S4.
Solving the membrane protein folding problem.
Cladosporium Avr2 inhibits tomato Rcr3 protease required for Cf-2-dependent disease resistance.
Progress in modeling of protein structures and interactions.
Observing others: multiple action representation in the frontal lobe.
Global patterns of predator diversity in the open oceans.
Drosophila RNAi screen reveals CD36 family member required for mycobacterial infection.
EGFR activation mediates inhibition of axon regeneration by myelin and chondroitin sulfate proteoglycans.
The mRNA of the Arabidopsis gene FT moves from leaf to shoot apex and induces flowering.
Transoceanic migration, spatial dynamics, and population linkages of white sharks.
Toward a universal memory.
An entomopathogenic fungus for control of adult African malaria mosquitoes.
Fluorine in pharmaceuticals: looking beyond intuition.
Far-field optical nanoscopy.
Electromechanical resonators from graphene sheets.
ATM and ATR substrate analysis reveals extensive protein networks responsive to DNA damage.
A" silent" polymorphism in the MDR1 gene changes substrate specificity.
Genome-wide mapping of in vivo protein-DNA interactions.
Treatment of sickle cell anemia mouse model with iPS cells generated from autologous skin.
Direct-current nanogenerator driven by ultrasonic waves.
A semi-empirical approach to projecting future sea-level rise.
A common allele on chromosome 9 associated with coronary heart disease.
Expansion microscopy.
Layered materials power the cause.
Mechanically soft neural implants.
Observing the unexpected enhances infants' learning and exploration.
A tethered niacin-derived pincer complex with a nickel-carbon bond in lactate racemase.
Impact of regulatory variation from RNA to protein.
The quantum halo state of the helium trimer.
A Hadean to Paleoarchean geodynamo recorded by single zircon crystals.
Crystal structure of a mycobacterial Insig homolog provides insight into how these sensors monitor sterol levels.
Ivan Pavlov, revealed.
Tearing of stagnant slab.
Identification of Carboniferous (320 million years old) class Ic amber.
Parallel pursuit of near-term and long-term climate mitigation.
The rise of restoration ecology.
Farm animal research in crisis.
Opening education.
A genetic defect caused by a triplet repeat expansion in Arabidopsis thaliana.
A frazzled/DCC-dependent transcriptional switch regulates midline axon guidance.
Summer institute to improve university science teaching.
Strain effects and phase transitions in photonic resonator crystals.
Now for the hard ones.
Chemistry: The smallest fullerene.
Phase transitions: Catching crystals at birth.
Electrochemically induced annealing of stainless-steel surfaces.
Environmental microbiology: A tetrodotoxin-producing marine pathogen.
Storage of X-ray photons in a crystal resonator.
Vision: Myopia and ambient night-time lighting.
Palaeontology: A refugium for relicts?.
Global change: It's not a gas.
Major heart disease genes prove elusive.
A self-incompatibility system explains high male frequencies in an androdioecious plant.
Quantitative phosphoproteomics reveals widespread full phosphorylation site occupancy during mitosis.
Innate lymphoid cell relations.
Diseases in a dish take off.
Synthetic ''life,''ethics, national security, and public discourse.
Adaptive evolution of an sRNA that controls Myxococcus development.
Comment on The silicate-mediated formose reaction: Bottom-up synthesis of sugar silicates.
Questionable calcium.
Ocean chemistry and early animals.
Atmospheric chemistry: Wider role for airborne chlorine.
[C] Ecology: Emergency medicine for frogs..
[C] An easy way to boost a paper\'s citations.
Structural biology: Conservation in vesicle coats.
Cell biology: Actin filaments up against a wall.
Journal Editorials give indication of driving science issues.
Materials science: Reconfigurable colloids.
Immunology: the expanding TH2 universe.
Taxonomy: include social networking.
Neuroscience: Editing out fear.
A high-mobility electron gas at the LaAlO3/SrTiO3 heterointerface.
Mechanisms of gene silencing by double-stranded RNA.
Epigenetics in human disease and prospects for epigenetic therapy.
Designing materials for biology and medicine.
Transcriptional regulatory code of a eukaryotic genome.
Pathways towards and away from Alzheimer's disease.
NF-B functions as a tumour promoter in inflammation-associated cancer.
Confronting the coral reef crisis.
Therapeutic silencing of an endogenous gene by systemic administration of modified siRNAs.
The role of increasing temperature variability in European summer heatwaves.
Spin-orbit qubit in a semiconductor nanowire.
Ptychographic X-ray computed tomography at the nanoscale.
Video imaging of walking myosin V by high-speed atomic force microscopy.
Bose-Einstein condensation of photons in an optical microcavity.
Chemical genetics of Plasmodium falciparum.
An amorphous solid state of biogenic secondary organic aerosol particles.
Sugar transporters for intercellular exchange and nutrition of pathogens.
Deubiquitinase USP9X stabilizes MCL1 and promotes tumour cell survival.
Main-group elements as transition metals.
NINJA connects the co-repressor TOPLESS to jasmonate signalling.
The shots heard'round the world.
The boom in biosafety labs.
News from the Solar Interior.
Public-private project to deliver mouse genome in 6 months.
Schrdinger's cat is out of the hat.
LAT, the linker for activation of T cells: a bridge between T cell-specific and general signaling pathways.
NIH, under pressure, boosts minority health research.
Terra's view of the sea.
Graduate educators struggle to grade themselves.
An embryonic nation.
Linear models can't keep up with sport gender gap.
Chemistry Nobel for trio who revealed molecular death-tag.
Public health: the demon drink.
Regenerative medicine: self-help for insulin cells.
Human genetics: an inflammatory issue.
Nanophysics: A step up to self-assembly.
Microbiology: Jekyll or hide?.
Noise management: Sound and vision.
Making sense.
Low-frequency earthquakes in Shikoku, Japan, and their relationship to episodic tremor and slip.
Corneal avascularity is due to soluble VEGF receptor-1.
Selling out on nature.
A new progeroid syndrome reveals that genotoxic stress suppresses the somatotroph axis.
Three-dimensional mapping of a deformation field inside a nanocrystal.
Active galactic nuclei as scaled-up Galactic black holes.
Insights into social insects from the genome of the honeybee Apis mellifera.
NMDA-receptor-mediated, cell-specific integration of new neurons in adult dentate gyrus.
Experience-dependent and cell-type-specific spine growth in the neocortex.
Parochial altruism in humans.
Neurobiology: Inhibitor of neurite outgrowth in humans.
Water activity as the determinant for homogeneous ice nucleation in aqueous solutions.
Kondo physics in carbon nanotubes.
Automatic design and manufacture of robotic lifeforms.
Specificities of heparan sulphate proteoglycans in developmental processes.
Logical computation using algorithmic self-assembly of DNA triple-crossover molecules.
Timing of the Last Glacial Maximum from observed sea-level minima.
A ratchet-like inter-subunit reorganization of the ribosome during translocation.
Phytochromes and light signal perception by plantsan emerging synthesis.
Vasoregulation by the 1 subunit of the calcium-activated potassium channel.
Efficient deactivation of a model base pair via excited-state hydrogen transfer.
Chemistry of rocks and soils in Gusev Crater from the Alpha Particle X-ray Spectrometer.
Guar seed -mannan synthase is a member of the cellulose synthase super gene family.
Smart biomaterials.
Cis-acting regulatory variation in the human genome.
Polarization observations with the cosmic background imager.
Molecular cloud origin for the oxygen isotope heterogeneity in the solar system.
Dynamics of slow-moving landslides from permanent scatterer analysis.
Disorder-sensitive phase formation linked to metamagnetic quantum criticality.
Actin polymerization-driven molecular movement of mDia1 in living cells.
Thresholds for Cenozoic bipolar glaciation.
Guarding the gateway to cortex with attention in visual thalamus.
Endonucleolytic RNA cleavage by a eukaryotic exosome.
The identification of liquid ethane in Titan's Ontario Lacus.
An updatable holographic three-dimensional display.
Imaging the biogenesis of individual HIV-1 virions in live cells.
Tumour maintenance is mediated by eNOS.
The Cl-/H+ antiporter ClC-7 is the primary chloride permeation pathway in lysosomes.
A massive binary black-hole system in OJ 287 and a test of general relativity.
Escape from adaptive conflict after duplication in an anthocyanin pathway gene.
Efficacy of inactivated poliovirus vaccine in India.
High-turnover hypoiodite catalysis for asymmetric synthesis of tocopherols.
Modular organization of axial microcircuits in zebrafish.
A terrestrial planet in a~ 1-AU orbit around one member of a 15-AU binary.
Thyroid hormonedependent adult pigment cell lineage and pattern in zebrafish.
H3K27me and PRC2 transmit a memory of repression across generations and during development.
Convergent transcriptional specializations in the brains of humans and song-learning birds.
Genomic-scale exchange of mRNA between a parasitic plant and its hosts.
Ultrafast electron dynamics in phenylalanine initiated by attosecond pulses.
Applying evolutionary biology to address global challenges.
Matching spiracle opening to metabolic need during flight in Drosophila.
Stress, NK receptors, and immune surveillance.
New hints into the biological basis of autism.
Cloned gaur a short-lived success.
Restricting dislocation movement in transition metal carbides by phase stability tuning.
Building a" GenBank" of the published literature.
Seismic detection of rigid zones at the top of the core.
Droplets speeding on surfaces.
Caveolae: a once-elusive structure gets some respect.
WHO ranking of health system performance.
Mutation of MEF2A in an inherited disorder with features of coronary artery disease.
Iron partitioning in Earth's mantle: toward a deep lower mantle discontinuity.
Polymer replicas of photonic porous silicon for sensing and drug delivery applications.
Dynamics of the hippocampus during encoding and retrieval of face-name pairs.
Comment on"'Stemness': transcriptional profiling of embryonic and adult stem cells" and" a stem cell molecular signature"(I).
Negative feedback regulation ensures the one receptor-one olfactory neuron rule in mouse.
Dissecting apicoplast targeting in the malaria parasite Plasmodium falciparum.
A discrete self-assembled metal array in artificial DNA.
Islet regeneration during the reversal of autoimmune diabetes in NOD mice.
Long-distance signaling in nodulation directed by a CLAVATA1-like receptor kinase.
Cell fusion-independent differentiation of neural stem cells to the endothelial lineage.
Essential role for the p110 phosphoinositide 3-kinase in the allergic response.
Susceptibility to leprosy is associated with PARK2 and PACRG.
Spatial scaling of microbial eukaryote diversity.
Realization of quantum error correction.
A faux 3-UTR promotes aberrant termination and triggers nonsense-mediated mRNA decay.
The yeast Rat1 exonuclease promotes transcription termination by RNA polymerase II.
MicroRNAs act sequentially and asymmetrically to control chemosensory laterality in the nematode.
Cohesin relocation from sites of chromosomal loading to places of convergent transcription.
Molecular model for a complete clathrin lattice from electron cryomicroscopy.
Cleaving mercury-alkyl bonds: a functional model for mercury detoxification by MerB.
Extended male growth in a fossil hominin species.
A surface-tailored, purely electronic, Mott metal-to-insulator transition.
Stone adze compositions and the extent of ancient Polynesian voyaging and trade.
A Cretaceous scleractinian coral with a calcitic skeleton.
The triple-ring nebula around SN 1987A: fingerprint of a binary merger.
Enceladus: Cosmic graffiti artist caught in the act.
A molecule carrier.
Specialized inhibitory synaptic actions between nearby neocortical pyramidal neurons.
Flight performance: frigatebirds ride high on thermals.
Atmospheric physics: Electric jets.
Biomechanics: a catapult action for rapid limb protraction.
Cancer: cues for migration.
Palaeoceanographic implications of genetic variation in living North Atlantic Neogloboquadrina pachyderma.
Large Cretaceous sphenodontian from Patagonia provides insight into lepidosaur evolution in Gondwana.
Cancer: the rules of attraction.
Special section on human genetics: With your genes? Take one of these, three times a day.
Cell plasticity: flexible arrangement.
Complex fluids: Spread the word about nanofluids.
Direct mapping of nuclear shell effects in the heaviest elements.
Catalysis and sulfa drug resistance in dihydropteroate synthase.
Synthesis and characterization of a rhodium (I) -alkane complex in the solid state.
Structural basis for prereceptor modulation of plant hormones by GH3 proteins.
Water resources management: what should be integrated?.
Coupling quantum tunneling with cavity photons.
Direct detection of projectile relics from the end of the lunar basinforming epoch.
Interferometric Identification of a PreBrown Dwarf.
Leucine-tRNA initiates at CUG start codons for protein synthesis and presentation by MHC class I.
Structured light meets structured matter.
Carbon cycle makeover.
Two revolutions in learning.
Recombinatorial logic.
Immunity and invasive success.
Dark clouds over Spanish science.
Expanding the scope of Fluorine tags for PET imaging.
Comment on Can we name Earth's species before they go extinct?.
Prairie dogs disperse when all close kin have disappeared.
Programmed cell death in neuronal development.
p53-mediated inhibition of angiogenesis through up-regulation of a collagen prolyl hydroxylase.
Late quaternary atmospheric CH4 isotope record suggests marine clathrates are stable.
Waking experience affects sleep need in Drosophila.
Combinatorial effects of odorant mixes in olfactory cortex.
The importance of demographic niches to tree diversity.
Fish population and behavior revealed by instantaneous continental shelf-scale imaging.
Agent-specific responses in the cingulate cortex during economic exchanges.
[C] Risks in space from orbiting debris.
The role of pair dispersion in turbulent flow.
Prions in skeletal muscles of deer with chronic wasting disease.
GATA4 mutations cause human congenital heart defects and reveal an interaction with TBX5.
Chemokine receptor CXCR4 downregulated by von HippelLindau tumour suppressor pVHL.
Artemisinins target the SERCA of Plasmodium falciparum.
Quantum oscillations in two coupled charge qubits.
Miniaturized gas ionization sensors using carbon nanotubes.
The principle of gating charge movement in a voltage-dependent K&plus; channel.
Video-speed electronic paper based on electrowetting.
Cell culture: biology's new dimension.
Aetiology: Koch's postulates fulfilled for SARS virus.
The role of presenilin cofactors in the -secretase complex.
An expressed fgf4 retrogene is associated with breed-defining chondrodysplasia in domestic dogs.
Coat color variation at the beginning of horse domestication.
Merkel cells are essential for light-touch responses.
A key role for similarity in vicarious reward.
Boom-and-bust development patterns across the Amazon deforestation frontier.
Synchronous and stochastic patterns of gene activation in the Drosophila embryo.
Video games: a route to large-scale STEM education?.
Successful conservation of a threatened Maculinea butterfly.
Structural origin of circularly polarized iridescence in jeweled beetles.
Cell-specific information processing in segregating populations of Eph receptor ephrinexpressing cells.
Deception by flexible alarm mimicry in an African bird.
A class of warm Jupiters with mutually inclined, apsidally misaligned close friends.
Delayed Gratificationwaiting to terminate stem cell identity.
Controlling low rates of cell differentiation through noise and ultrahigh feedback.
Specific disruption of thalamic inputs to the auditory cortex in schizophrenia models.
Use of human embryonic stem cells to model pediatric gliomas with H3. 3K27M histone mutation.
Taking carbon out of the ammonial recipe.
In praise of power.
Single-proton spin detection by diamond magnetometry.
[C] Rethinking the global supply chain.
Thymosin 4 activates integrin-linked kinase and promotes cardiac cell migration, survival and cardiac repair.
A glycolipid of hypervirulent tuberculosis strains that inhibits the innate immune response.
Conformational variations in an infectious protein determine prion strain differences.
Addition of nanoparticle dispersions to enhance flux pinning of the YBa2Cu3O7-x superconductor.
Quantum magnetic excitations from stripes in copper oxide superconductors.
VEGF delivery with retrogradely transported lentivector prolongs survival in a mouse ALS model.
MYC inactivation uncovers pluripotent differentiation and tumour dormancy in hepatocellular cancer.
Biogenically driven organic contribution to marine aerosol.
Ecosystem stability and compensatory effects in the Inner Mongolia grassland.
Cavity cooling of a microlever.
Cyanophora paradoxa genome elucidates origin of photosynthesis in algae and plants.
Status and solutions for the world's unassessed fisheries.
Climatic niche shifts are rare among terrestrial plant invaders.
Robust photogeneration of H2 in water using semiconductor nanocrystals and a nickel catalyst.
Printing and prototyping of tissues and scaffolds.
Wnt/-catenin signaling regulates telomerase in stem cells and cancer cells.
Evolutionary dynamics of gene and isoform regulation in Mammalian tissues.
Origins and genetic legacy of Neolithic farmers and hunter-gatherers in Europe.
Recent plant diversity changes on Europe's mountain summits.
Reconsidering the consequences of selective fisheries.
Room-temperature ferromagnetism in transparent transition metal-doped titanium dioxide.
Global analysis of protein activities using proteome chips.
Epigenetic reprogramming in mammalian development.
Distributed and overlapping representations of faces and objects in ventral temporal cortex.
Integrated genomic and proteomic analyses of a systematically perturbed metabolic network.
Persistent solar influence on North Atlantic climate during the Holocene.
Forecasting agriculturally driven global environmental change.
Taking cell-matrix adhesions to the third dimension.
Bayesian inference of phylogeny and its impact on evolutionary biology.
Self-organized discotic liquid crystals for high-efficiency organic photovoltaics.
Electronic spin storage in an electrically readable nuclear spin memory with a lifetime> 100 seconds.
Maternal control of haplodiploid sex determination in the wasp Nasonia.
A tricyclic aromatic isomer of hexasilabenzene.
A magnetized jet from a massive protostar.
A molecular clock for malaria parasites.
Horizontal gene transfer by the parasitic plant Striga hermonthica.
The molecular interaction of CAR and JAML recruits the central cell signal transducer PI3K.
Spontaneous and X-raytriggered crystallization at long range in self-assembling filament networks.
MESSENGER observations of extreme loading and unloading of Mercury's magnetic tail.
The politics of geoengineering.
Seas of superoxide.
Improving education standards.
Evolution heresy? Epigenetics underlies heritable plant traits.
A unique piece of Mars.
[C] Science and society: experts warn against bans on 3D printing. News editorial.
Though they may be unaware, newlyweds implicitly know whether their marriage will be satisfying.
The Savage Radiation of the Van Allen Belts Is Homegrown.
RNAi, antiviral after all.
Fossils versus clocks.
How insulin engages its primary binding site on the insulin receptor.
Attractive photons in a quantum nonlinear medium.
Translating dosage compensation to trisomy 21.
Brown-fat paucity due to impaired BMP signalling induces compensatory browning of white fat.
Energy policy: The rebound effect is overplayed.
The importance of feldspar for ice nucleation by mineral dust in mixed-phase clouds.
Astrocytes mediate synapse elimination through MEGF10 and MERTK pathways.
Antibiotic treatment expands the resistance reservoir and ecological network of the phage metagenome.
Structure of active [bgr]-arrestin-1 bound to a G-protein-coupled receptor phosphopeptide.
The Mycobacterium tuberculosis regulatory network and hypoxia.
Separation of long DNA molecules in a microfabricated entropic trap array.
Power-law distribution of the world wide web.
Reduced food intake and body weight in mice treated with fatty acid synthase inhibitors.
Regulation of cell fate decision of undifferentiated spermatogonia by GDNF.
Pig cloning by microinjection of fetal fibroblast nuclei.
Oligodendrocyte precursor cells reprogrammed to become multipotential CNS stem cells.
Species diversity and biological invasions: relating local process to community pattern.
Atmospheric influence of Earth's earliest sulfur cycle.
Climate impact of late Quaternary equatorial Pacific sea surface temperature variations.
Identification of a coordinate regulator of interleukins 4, 13, and 5 by cross-species sequence comparisons.
Chemical biology: More charges against aggregation.
Regenerative biology: new hair from healing wounds.
An ancient nova shell around the dwarf nova Z Camelopardalis.
40Ar retention in the terrestrial planets.
Climate Change 2007: A world melting from the top down.
Linnaeus at 300: the species and the specious.
Microbiology: woodworker's digest.
Text mining: powering the database revolution.
The road to recovery.
Structured digital abstract makes text mining easy.
Micellar nanocontainers distribute to defined cytoplasmic organelles.
Modern global climate change.
DNA methylation-related chromatin remodeling in activity-dependent BDNF gene regulation.
COMT val158met genotype affects -opioid neurotransmitter responses to a pain stressor.
Toll-like receptor signaling pathways.
The origins of genome complexity.
Dissecting temporal and spatial control of cytokinesis with a myosin II Inhibitor.
Collapse and conservation of shark populations in the Northwest Atlantic.
Development and use of fluorescent protein markers in living cells.
Molecular ordering of organic molten salts triggered by single-walled carbon nanotubes.
Oscillations in NF-B signaling control the dynamics of gene expression.
Renewable hydrogen from ethanol by autothermal reforming.
Finite-frequency tomography reveals a variety of plumes in the mantle.
Global assessment of organic contaminants in farmed salmon.
Biodiversity conservation and the eradication of poverty.
Bacterial invasion: the paradigms of enteroinvasive pathogens.
Sustainable hydrogen production.
Neural systems underlying the suppression of unwanted memories.
Continuous particle separation through deterministic lateral displacement.
Nanoribbon waveguides for subwavelength photonics integration.
Oxygen ions observed near Saturn's A ring.
A functional dosage compensation complex required for male killing in Drosophila.
Emotion and reason in making decisions.
Encouraging results for second-generation antiangiogenesis drugs.
Toward bridging the terahertz gap with silicon-based lasers.
Osmium isotope evidence for an s-process carrier in primitive chondrites.
The Tsunami's psychological aftermath.
Transmembrane protein GDE2 induces motor neuron differentiation in vivo.
Past and future earthquakes on the San Andreas fault.
Disks around stars and the growth of planetary systems.
The deuterostome context of chordate origins.
The ancestry and affiliations of Kennewick Man.
How to configure your quantum disambiguator.
.
Paul von Rague Schleyer (1930-2014).
Systems biology: Defiant daughters and coordinated cousins.
Copulation in antiarch placoderms and the origin of gnathostome internal fertilization.
[C] Cancer metabolism: A waste of insulin interference.
Receptor-mediated exopolysaccharide perception controls bacterial infection.
De-extinction: A behemoth revived.
CRACM1 is a plasma membrane protein essential for store-operated Ca2+ entry.
Fermionic superfluidity with imbalanced spin populations.
Scaling of connectivity in marine populations.
Costly punishment across human societies.
Tunable quasi-two-dimensional electron gases in oxide heterostructures.
Phase modifiers promote efficient production of hydroxymethylfurfural from fructose.
Global mineralogical and aqueous Mars history derived from OMEGA/Mars Express data.
A distinct small RNA pathway silences selfish genetic elements in the germline.
Would you be happier if you were richer? A focusing illusion.
Ambient mass spectrometry.
Preserving electron spin coherence in solids by optimal dynamical decoupling.
Interhemispheric Atlantic seesaw response during the last deglaciation.
Viruses manipulate the marine environment.
Phytoplankton in the ocean use non-phosphorus lipids in response to phosphorus scarcity.
Experimental evolution of bet hedging.
Measurement of the charge and current of magnetic monopoles in spin ice.
Cold-induced silencing by long antisense transcripts of an Arabidopsis Polycomb target.
Broad line emission from iron K-and L-shell transitions in the active galaxy 1H 0707-495.
The ubiquitylation machinery of the endoplasmic reticulum.
Snowdrift game dynamics and facultative cheating in yeast.
Prion diseases: BSE in sheep bred for resistance to infection.
Sociology (communication arising): The puzzle of human cooperation.
Processivity of the single-headed kinesin KIF1A through biased binding to tubulin.
High diversity of unknown picorna-like viruses in the sea.
Neuroanatomy of flying reptiles and implications for flight, posture and behaviour.
Comparative power curves in bird flight.
The plastid clpP1 protease gene is essential for plant development.
Evolution of novel cooperative swarming in the bacterium Myxococcus xanthus.
Hydrothermal recharge and discharge across 50 km guided by seamounts on a young ridge flank.
Plants lacking the main light-harvesting complex retain photosystem II macro-organization.
Counterintuitive carbon-to-nutrient coupling in an Arctic pelagic ecosystem.
Hydrogen sulphide release to surface waters at the Precambrian/Cambrian boundary.
Draper-dependent glial phagocytic activity is mediated by Src and Syk family kinase signalling.
Control of plant germline proliferation by SCFFBL17 degradation of cell cycle inhibitors.
Role for perinuclear chromosome tethering in maintenance of genome stability.
Dynamic thiolationthioesterase structure of a non-ribosomal peptide synthetase.
Glacial greenhouse-gas fluctuations controlled by ocean circulation changes.
Absolute plate motions and true polar wander in the absence of hotspot tracks.
Innovation policy: not just a jumbo shrimp.
Host genome surveillance for retrotransposons by transposon-derived proteins.
[C] Signs of Collapse.
Titan Lives--Geologically, at Least.
Intermediate filaments as signaling platforms.
Blue native polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis (BN-PAGE) for the identification and analysis of multiprotein complexes.
Struggling to Deliver on Promises and Assess HIV's Spread.
ScholarGuides. Maggie W. Washburne. Publications/scholarship..
Comment on" Post-Wildfire Logging Hinders Regeneration and.
Investigation of physiochemical and vegetative properties of two barley lines.
No longer de-identified.
Acclimation of ecosystem CO2 exchange in the Alaskan Arctic in response to decadal climate warming.
A yeast prion provides a mechanism for genetic variation and phenotypic diversity.
Cannabinoids control spasticity and tremor in a multiple sclerosis model.
Intracellular action of the cytokine MIF to modulate AP-1 activity and the cell cycle through Jab1.
Herbivory-induced volatiles elicit defence genes in lima bean leaves.
Fractal stream chemistry and its implications for contaminant transport in catchments.
Prototype systems for rechargeable magnesium batteries.
A cholesteryl ester transfer protein inhibitor attenuates atherosclerosis in rabbits.
Dynamic binding of histone H1 to chromatin in living cells.
IRSp53 is an essential intermediate between Rac and WAVE in the regulation of membrane ruffling.
Ageing: Eternal obsession.
Music inspired Newton's rainbow.
Metabolism: Growth in the fat lane.
Disruption of DNA-methylation-dependent long gene repression in Rett syndrome.
Recharge of a subglacial lake by surface meltwater in northeast Greenland.
The buyout.
Neurodegeneration: Problems at the nuclear pore.
.
Early reprogramming regulators identified by prospective isolation and mass cytometry.
Smaller is cooler.
A bioartificial liver--state of the art.
A one-step conversion of benzene to phenol with a palladium membrane.
A comparison of whole-genome shotgun-derived mouse chromosome 16 and the human genome.
Timing requirements for insulin/IGF-1 signaling in C. elegans.
Archaefructaceae, a new basal angiosperm family.
Evidence for antibody-catalyzed ozone formation in bacterial killing and inflammation.
Structure of the LDL receptor extracellular domain at endosomal pH.
Unique chromatin remodeling and transcriptional regulation in spermatogenesis.
NPAS2: a gas-responsive transcription factor.
Dragging of inertial frames.
Convergent dental adaptations in pseudo-tribosphenic and tribosphenic mammals.
Structure of the yeast polarity protein Sro7 reveals a SNARE regulatory mechanism.
Lightning on Venus inferred from whistler-mode waves in the ionosphere.
Chemical complexity in the winds of the oxygen-rich supergiant star VY Canis Majoris.
The cellular machinery of Ferroplasma acidiphilum is iron-protein-dominated.
Relating ligand binding to activation gating in CNGA2 channels.
Little or no solar wind enters Venus' atmosphere at solar minimum.
Transient activation of calcineurin is essential to initiate embryonic development in Xenopus laevis.
An early Cambrian tunicate from China.
An auroral flare at Jupiter.
Rapid collisional evolution of comets during the formation of the Oort cloud.
Organic chemistry of embalming agents in Pharaonic and Graeco-Roman mummies.
Interfering for the good of a chemical reaction.
Towards a general theory of biodiversity.
Dating of the oldest continental sediments from the Himalayan foreland basin.
Noggin and retinoic acid transform the identity of avian facial prominences.
Masking unveils pre-amodal completion representation in visual search.
Mining the draft human genome.
Molecular basis of ligand recognition and transport by glucose transporters.
[C] Neuroscience: Spotlight on deep-brain stimulation.
The descent of man.
History of chemistry: Words into gold.
ATG14 promotes membrane tethering and fusion of autophagosomes to endolysosomes.
Palaeoclimate: Northern push for the bipolar see-saw.
Neuroscience: The mechanics of mind.
Tetanus toxoid and CCL3 improve dendritic cell vaccines in mice and glioblastoma patients.
Artificial quakes shake Oklahoma.
Dynamics of replication-independent histone turnover in budding yeast.
A world without mangroves?.
How synaptotagmin promotes membrane fusion.
Forces and bond dynamics in cell adhesion.
JMJD6 is a histone arginine demethylase.
Ultralow thermal conductivity in disordered, layered WSe2 crystals.
LRP6 mutation in a family with early coronary disease and metabolic risk factors.
Secondary siRNAs result from unprimed RNA synthesis and form a distinct class.
Magmatic and crustal differentiation history of granitic rocks from Hf-O isotopes in zircon.
Stepwise quenching of exciton fluorescence in carbon nanotubes by single-molecule reactions.
Observing atomic collapse resonances in artificial nuclei on graphene.
SGK196 is a glycosylation-specific O-mannose kinase required for dystroglycan function.
Pliocene warmth, polar amplification, and stepped Pleistocene cooling recorded in NE Arctic Russia.
Genome Mosaicism--One Human, Multiple Genomes.
Representation of three-dimensional space in the hippocampus of flying bats.
Fe-S cluster biosynthesis controls uptake of aminoglycosides in a ROS-less death pathway.
A strategy for modulation of enzymes in the ubiquitin system.
Observed properties of extrasolar planets.
Identification of wheat gene Sr35 that confers resistance to Ug99 stem rust race group.
Wnt stabilization of -catenin reveals principles for morphogen receptor-scaffold assemblies.
Progress and challenges in genome-wide association studies in humans.
Cyclic dermal BMP signalling regulates stem cell activation during hair regeneration.
High-resolution mapping of meiotic crossovers and non-crossovers in yeast.
Cytokinin and auxin interaction in root stem-cell specification during early embryogenesis.
Generation of a prostate from a single adult stem cell.
IRF4 addiction in multiple myeloma.
Vancomycin-resistant enterococci exploit antibiotic-induced innate immune deficits.
Neural correlates, computation and behavioural impact of decision confidence.
The mental wealth of nations.
53BP1 promotes non-homologous end joining of telomeres by increasing chromatin mobility.
Bacterial growth and primary production along a northsouth transect of the Atlantic Ocean.
Robots in invertebrate neuroscience.
Drag reduction through self-similar bending of a flexible body.
Plankton blooms: Lysogeny in marine Synechococcus.
Switch of flow direction in an Antarctic ice stream.
Low slip rates and long-term preservation of geomorphic features in Central Asia.
Overlap of internal models in motor cortex for mechanical loads during reaching.
Carbon cycle: the wildfire factor.
Mechanical milling assisted by electrical discharge.
A 'periodic table'for protein structures.
Centrosome localization determines neuronal polarity.
Functional coordination of intraflagellar transport motors.
Structural basis of actin filament nucleation and processive capping by a formin homology 2 domain.
Seasonal oscillations in water exchange between aquifers and the coastal ocean.
Design principles of a bacterial signalling network.
Protein kinase A signalling via CREB controls myogenesis induced by Wnt proteins.
ATP is a mediator of chemosensory transduction in the central nervous system.
Neural crest origins of the neck and shoulder.
Discovery of the short -ray burst GRB 050709.
A photonic quantum information interface.
The real power of artificial markets.
Observation of dx2-y2-like superconducting gap in an electron-doped high-temperature superconductor.
Structural mechanism of endosome docking by the FYVE domain.
Views of Earth's magnetosphere with the IMAGE satellite.
How minerals react with water.
Capture of a single molecule in a nanocavity.
Bulk-like features in the photoemission spectra of hydrated doubly charged anion clusters.
Ultrafast source-to-surface movement of melt at island arcs from 226Ra-230Th systematics.
Recombination in the hemagglutinin gene of the 1918" Spanish flu".
Functional roles for noise in genetic circuits.
Genome-wide erasure of DNA methylation in mouse primordial germ cells is affected by AID deficiency.
The size of the proton.
Generation of pathogenic TH17 cells in the absence of TGF-[bgr] signalling.
Transfusion independence and HMGA2 activation after gene therapy of human [bgr]-thalassaemia.
Graphene as a subnanometre trans-electrode membrane.
Cell mechanics and the cytoskeleton.
Chronic active B-cell-receptor signalling in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma.
High molecular gas fractions in normal massive star-forming galaxies in the young Universe.
Predicting protein structures with a multiplayer online game.
Probing bulk states of correlated electron systems by high-resolution resonance photoemission.
Genetic ablation of parathyroid glands reveals another source of parathyroid hormone.
The ELF3 zeitnehmer regulates light signalling to the circadian clock.
Chfr defines a mitotic stress checkpoint that delays entry into metaphase.
Structure of the winged-helix protein hRFX1 reveals a new mode of DNA binding.
Structural basis for the anticoagulant activity of the thrombinthrombomodulin complex.
Crystal structure of enteropathogenic Escherichia coli intiminreceptor complex.
Palaeoanthropology: coasting out of Africa.
Female feral fowl eject sperm of subdominant males.
Dynamic instabilities and memory effects in vortex matter.
Smoothened mutation confers resistance to a Hedgehog pathway inhibitor in medulloblastoma.
Macroscopic 10-terabitpersquare-inch arrays from block copolymers with lateral order.
A putative ABC transporter confers durable resistance to multiple fungal pathogens in wheat.
Wind-driven upwelling in the Southern Ocean and the deglacial rise in atmospheric CO2.
Controlled formation of sharp zigzag and armchair edges in graphitic nanoribbons.
An ER-mitochondria tethering complex revealed by a synthetic biology screen.
A strain-driven morphotropic phase boundary in BiFeO3.
Circadian clock feedback cycle through NAMPT-mediated NAD+ biosynthesis.
Implications of limiting CO2 concentrations for land use and energy.
Glucosinolate metabolites required for an Arabidopsis innate immune response.
Hypusine-containing protein eIF5A promotes translation elongation.
A spatial gradient coordinates cell size and mitotic entry in fission yeast.
A transposon-induced epigenetic change leads to sex determination in melon.
Adaptive prediction of environmental changes by microorganisms.
Zc3h12a is an RNase essential for controlling immune responses by regulating mRNA decay.
Ca2+/calmodulin regulates salicylic-acid-mediated plant immunity.
Chromatin remodelling factor Mll1 is essential for neurogenesis from postnatal neural stem cells.
Haematopoietic malignancies caused by dysregulation of a chromatin-binding PHD finger.
Endochondral ossification is required for haematopoietic stem-cell niche formation.
Increased mortality and AIDS-like immunopathology in wild chimpanzees infected with SIVcpz.
Crystal structure of the RNA component of bacterial ribonuclease P.
Natural-like function in artificial WW domains.
Insects breathe discontinuously to avoid oxygen toxicity.
Aerodynamics of the hovering hummingbird.
An assembly landscape for the 30S ribosomal subunit.
Architecture of floral branch systems in maize and related grasses.
Controlled multiple quantum coherences of nuclear spins in a nanometre-scale device.
Nonlinear dynamics, granular media and dynamic earthquake triggering.
Molecular mechanisms of kinetochore capture by spindle microtubules.
How sleep affects the developmental learning of bird song.
Structure of a human  T-cell antigen receptor.
A chiroselective peptide replicator.
The self-archiving initiative.
A physical map of the human Y chromosome.
Modulation of the neuronal glutamate transporter EAAT4 by two interacting proteins.
The DNA sequence and comparative analysis of human chromosome 20.
RGS2 regulates signal transduction in olfactory neurons by attenuating activation of adenylyl cyclase III.
Kranz anatomy is not essential for terrestrial C4 plant photosynthesis.
Mars' core and magnetism.
Cancer: an attractive force in metastasis.
Method transfer: giant leap of faith or well-trodden path?.
Donepezil-ferulic acid hybrids as anti-Alzheimer drugs.
Beyond cyclosporine A: conformation-dependent passive membrane permeabilities of cyclic peptide natural products.
Sources and fate of organic matter in suspended and bottom sediments of the Mandovi and Zuari estuaries, western India.
Novel adaptive designs: aligning drug development and patient incentives.
A manus dominated pterosaur track assemblage from Gansu, China: implications for behavior.
Bioanalytical laboratory automation development: why should we and how could we collaborate?.
Multi-arm clinical trials with treatment selection: what can be gained and at what price?.
Structural phase transition and electronic structure evolution in Ir1 x Pt x Te2 studied by scanning tunneling microscopy.
Dynamical insights of Mnk2 kinase activation by phosphorylation to facilitate inhibitor discovery.
Systematic genetic analysis of muscle morphogenesis and function in Drosophila.
Ocean nutrient ratios governed by plankton biogeography.
Damage-induced phosphorylation of Sld3 is important to block late origin firing.
X-ray crystal structure of the light-independent protochlorophyllide reductase.
A white dwarf cooling age of 8 [thinsp] Gyr for NGC 6791 from physical separation processes.
Distinct FGFs promote differentiation of excitatory and inhibitory synapses.
Small mammal diversity loss in response to late-Pleistocene climatic change.
The moment of truth for WIMP dark matter.
An intrinsic vasopressin system in the olfactory bulb is involved in social recognition.
Dynamics and mechanism of repair of ultraviolet-induced (6-4) photoproduct by photolyase.
Maintenance of an unfolded polypeptide by a cognate chaperone in bacterial type III secretion.
Plant development: signals from mature to new leaves.
Comparison of human genetic and sequence-based physical maps.
The voltage-sensitive sodium channel is a bell-shaped molecule with several cavities.
Mitochondrial protein phylogeny joins myriapods with chelicerates.
Skeletons of terrestrial cetaceans and the relationship of whales to artiodactyls.
Splicing factor Sub2p is required for nuclear mRNA export through its interaction with Yra1p.
Consistent patterns and the idiosyncratic effects of biodiversity in marine ecosystems.
Distance determined by the angular declination below the horizon.
Positive selection of a gene family during the emergence of humans and African apes.
Axial patterning in cephalochordates and the evolution of the organizer.
The APOBEC-2 crystal structure and functional implications for the deaminase AID.
Control of DNA methylation and heterochromatic silencing by histone H2B deubiquitination.
Silicon in the Earth's core.
Demasculinization of X chromosomes in the Drosophila genus.
The quest for the quarkgluon plasma.
Meridiani Planum and the global hydrology of Mars.
Gating pore current in an inherited ion channelopathy.
Coevolution with viruses drives the evolution of bacterial mutation rates.
Dating the origin of the Orchidaceae from a fossil orchid with its pollinator.
Spectroscopy: Clear signals from surfaces.
[C] High hopes for Brazilian science..
Stem cells: Cues from steroid hormones.
Science in the digital age.
Multiple sclerosis: closing in on an oral treatment.
Volatile accretion history of the Earth.
Materials science: Membrane magic.
Cellular imaging: taking a long, hard look.
DNA repair: Decision at the break point.
Reciprocal TH17 and regulatory T cell differentiation mediated by retinoic acid.
Requirement of bic/microRNA-155 for normal immune function.
CRISPR provides acquired resistance against viruses in prokaryotes.
Wandering minds: the default network and stimulus-independent thought.
Model projections of an imminent transition to a more arid climate in southwestern North America.
Relative impact of nucleotide and copy number variation on gene expression phenotypes.
A common variant on chromosome 9p21 affects the risk of myocardial infarction.
The Chlamydomonas genome reveals the evolution of key animal and plant functions.
Control of stress-dependent cardiac growth and gene expression by a microRNA.
Superconducting interfaces between insulating oxides.
Sodium channel mutation leading to saxitoxin resistance in clams increases risk of PSP.
Obliquity pacing of the late Pleistocene glacial terminations.
Direct observation of steps in rotation of the bacterial flagellar motor.
Clonal reproduction by males and females in the little fire ant.
Repetitive shuttling of a motor protein on DNA.
Dystrophic heart failure blocked by membrane sealant poloxamer.
Protein glycosylation: chaperone mutation in Tn syndrome.
Dance reveals symmetry especially in young men.
The Mesp2 transcription factor establishes segmental borders by suppressing Notch activity.
Cryptic chlorination by a non-haem iron enzyme during cyclopropyl amino acid biosynthesis.
A role for Snf2-related nucleosome-spacing enzymes in genome-wide nucleosome organization.
Proteoglycan-specific molecular switch for RPTP clustering and neuronal extension.
Glutamatergic and dopaminergic neurons mediate anxiogenic and anxiolytic effects of CRHR1.
Functional innervation of hepatic iNKT cells is immunosuppressive following stroke.
Experimental repetitive quantum error correction.
Human sperm binding is mediated by the sialyl-LewisX oligosaccharide on the zona pellucida.
High-gain backward lasing in air.
Recently formed polyploid plants diversify at lower rates.
Impaired respiratory and body temperature control upon acute serotonergic neuron inhibition.
Fossil evidence on origin of the mammalian brain.
The Extent of NonBorn-Oppenheimer Coupling in the Reaction of Cl (2P) with para-H2.
NFAT binding and regulation of T cell activation by the cytoplasmic scaffolding Homer proteins.
Reduced responses to selection after species range expansion.
Animal versus wind dispersal and the robustness of tree species to deforestation.
Collective reactivity of molecular chains self-assembled on a surface.
Mechanism of self-sterility in a hermaphroditic chordate.
[C] Now you see them.
A localized negative genetic correlation constrains microevolution of coat color in wild sheep.
Laboratory simulation of volcano seismicity.
Mercury's exosphere: Observations during MESSENGER's first Mercury flyby.
Two-dimensional electron gas with universal subbands at the surface of SrTiO3.
A candidate redshift z [thinsp][ap][thinsp] 10 galaxy and rapid changes in that population at an age of 500 [thinsp] Myr.
Post-traumatic stress disorder is associated with PACAP and the PAC1 receptor.
Senescence surveillance of pre-malignant hepatocytes limits liver cancer development.
Commensal microbiota and myelin autoantigen cooperate to trigger autoimmune demyelination.
Tumour-infiltrating regulatory T cells stimulate mammary cancer metastasis through RANKL-RANK signalling.
Unprecedented Arctic ozone loss in 2011.
Comparative and demographic analysis of orang-utan genomes.
Multiple reference genomes and transcriptomes for Arabidopsis thaliana.
Nuclear PKM2 regulates [bgr]-catenin transactivation upon EGFR activation.
Quality control of inner nuclear membrane proteins by the Asi complex.
HSF-1mediated cytoskeletal integrity determines thermotolerance and life span.
Characterization of a DNA exit gate in the human cohesin ring.
Tax man's gloomy message: the rich will get richer.
Creating a global observatory for health R&D.
Spatial organization of cytokinesis signaling reconstituted in a cell-free system.
A bold baby step on emissions.
Taking the measure of change.
Progenitor outgrowth from the niche in Drosophila trachea is guided by FGF from decaying branches.
A riboswitch-containing sRNA controls gene expression by sequestration of a response regulator.
Host-microbe interactions have shaped the genetic architecture of inflammatory bowel disease.
A PGC1-[agr]-dependent myokine that drives brown-fat-like development of white fat and thermogenesis.
Biodiversity loss and its impact on humanity.
Sporadic autism exomes reveal a highly interconnected protein network of de novo mutations.
De novo mutations revealed by whole-exome sequencing are strongly associated with autism.
Comprehensive genomic characterization of squamous cell lung cancers.
The tomato genome sequence provides insights into fleshy fruit evolution.
Topological domains in mammalian genomes identified by analysis of chromatin interactions.
Patterns and rates of exonic de novo mutations in autism spectrum disorders.
Electrocatalyst approaches and challenges for automotive fuel cells.
The genomic complexity of primary human prostate cancer.
Copy number variation and selection during reprogramming to pluripotency.
Human contribution to more-intense precipitation extremes.
Cells of origin in cancer.
Climate change and evolutionary adaptation.
Exome sequencing identifies frequent mutation of the SWI/SNF complex gene PBRM1 in renal carcinoma.
Grand challenges in global mental health.
A diverse range of gene products are effectors of the type I interferon antiviral response.
Role of YAP/TAZ in mechanotransduction.
Broad neutralization coverage of HIV by multiple highly potent antibodies.
Potential impacts of a warming climate on water availability in snow-dominated regions.
Europe-wide reduction in primary productivity caused by the heat and drought in 2003.
Isolation of an autotrophic ammonia-oxidizing marine archaeon.
IRF-7 is the master regulator of type-I interferon-dependent immune responses.
Activation of the DNA damage checkpoint and genomic instability in human precancerous lesions.
Engineering atomic and molecular nanostructures at surfaces.
TRBP recruits the Dicer complex to Ago2 for microRNA processing and gene silencing.
BRAFE600-associated senescence-like cell cycle arrest of human naevi.
Microstructure of a spatial map in the entorhinal cortex.
Loss of cyclophilin D reveals a critical role for mitochondrial permeability transition in cell death.
The type VI secretion system of Vibrio cholerae fosters horizontal gene transfer.
Screw dislocations: A hard case to crack.
Innate lymphoid cells: A new paradigm in immunology.
m6A mRNA methylation facilitates resolution of nave pluripotency toward differentiation.
Biosynthesis of monoterpene scent compounds in roses.
A circular route to confine electrons.
Biologists devise invasion plan for mutations.
Keeping hearts at the right size.
Nanoscale temperature mapping in operating microelectronic devices.
Reconstructing native American population history.
Glycolytic oligodendrocytes maintain myelin and long-term axonal integrity.
Contrasting patterns of early twenty-first-century glacier mass change in the Himalayas.
Topology of the human and mouse m6A RNA methylomes revealed by m6A-seq.
Transiting circumbinary planets Kepler-34 b and Kepler-35 b.
Observation of spatially ordered structures in a two-dimensional Rydberg gas.
An abundance of small exoplanets around stars with a wide range of metallicities.
Coherent singlet-triplet oscillations in a silicon-based double quantum dot.
IDH1 (R132H) mutation increases murine haematopoietic progenitors and alters epigenetics.
A novel retinoblastoma therapy from genomic and epigenetic analyses.
Coalescence of single-walled carbon nanotubes.
Heightened odds of large earthquakes near Istanbul: An interaction-based probability calculation.
Localization of a short-term memory in Drosophila.
Atomic layer deposition of oxide thin films with metal alkoxides as oxygen sources.
Integration of multiple signals through cooperative regulation of the N-WASP-Arp2/3 complex.
Evidence for the evolution of bdelloid rotifers without sexual reproduction or genetic exchange.
Formation of sphalerite (ZnS) deposits in natural biofilms of sulfate-reducing bacteria.
The role of Mg2+ as an impurity in calcite growth.
Linkage of plasma A42 to a quantitative locus on chromosome 10 in late-onset Alzheimer's disease pedigrees.
Impacts of a global climate cycle on population dynamics of a migratory songbird.
A genome-wide association study identifies novel risk loci for type 2 diabetes.
Preparation and characterization of graphene oxide paper.
Unravelling the pathogenesis of inflammatory bowel disease.
Identification of stem cells in small intestine and colon by marker gene Lgr5.
Coaxial silicon nanowires as solar cells and nanoelectronic power sources.
A microRNA component of the p53 tumour suppressor network.
Patterns of somatic mutation in human cancer genomes.
Mesenchymal stem cells within tumour stroma promote breast cancer metastasis.
Genome-wide association study identifies novel breast cancer susceptibility loci.
Tumour invasion and metastasis initiated by microRNA-10b in breast cancer.
Sulfur-mediated electron shuttling during bacterial iron reduction.
Tolerance for predatory wildlife.
Anticipating the next century of wastewater treatment.
Physicists say it's simple.
Direct roles of SPEECHLESS in the specification of stomatal self-renewing cells.
Semiaquatic adaptations in a giant predatory dinosaur.
Rapid growth of seed black holes in the early universe by supra-exponential accretion.
Lassa virus entry requires a trigger-induced receptor switch.
1D-1D Coulomb drag signature of a Luttinger liquid.
A single gene affects both ecological divergence and mate choice in Drosophila.
Targeting of HIF- to the von Hippel-Lindau ubiquitylation complex by O2-regulated prolyl hydroxylation.
Identification of novel genes coding for small expressed RNAs.
HIF targeted for VHL-mediated destruction by proline hydroxylation: implications for O2 sensing.
Proapoptotic BAX and BAK: a requisite gateway to mitochondrial dysfunction and death.
Functional nanoscale electronic devices assembled using silicon nanowire building blocks.
An abundant class of tiny RNAs with probable regulatory roles in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Clinical resistance to STI-571 cancer therapy caused by BCR-ABL gene mutation or amplification.
Logic circuits with carbon nanotube transistors.
Photoinduced conversion of silver nanospheres to nanoprisms.
Biodiversity and ecosystem functioning: current knowledge and future challenges.
Anisotropy and corotation of galactic cosmic rays.
The new era in cancer research.
Formation of glaciers on Mars by atmospheric precipitation at high obliquity.
Mutation pressure and the evolution of organelle genomic architecture.
The sand seas of Titan: Cassini RADAR observations of longitudinal dunes.
Colloid transport of plutonium in the far-field of the Mayak Production Association, Russia.
A protein farnesyltransferase inhibitor ameliorates disease in a mouse model of progeria.
A systems approach to mapping DNA damage response pathways.
The distance to the Perseus spiral arm in the Milky Way.
ECOLOGY: Enhanced: Coral Reefs and the Global.
The tumour-suppressor genes lgl and dlg regulate basal protein targeting in Drosophila neuroblasts.
Elevated UV-B radiation reduces genome stability in plants.
Altruism and social cheating in the social amoeba Dictyostelium discoideum.
Liquid crystal phase transitions in suspensions of polydisperse plate-like particles.
Crystal structure of the hereditary haemochromatosis protein HFE complexed with transferrin receptor.
A role for the C3a anaphylatoxin receptor in the effector phase of asthma.
Motor disorder in Huntington's disease begins as a dysfunction in error feedback control.
Identification of receptors for neuromedin U and its role in feeding.
The HIC signalling pathway links CO2 perception to stomatal development.
Performance monitoring by the supplementary eye field.
Cell biology. Apoptosis--the calcium connection.
Roles of NPM2 in chromatin and nucleolar organization in oocytes and embryos.
In-depth view of structure, activity, and evolution of rice chromosome 10.
Encoding pheromonal signals in the accessory olfactory bulb of behaving mice.
Low potential for climatic stress adaptation in a rainforest Drosophila species.
Rapid evolution of egg size in captive salmon.
Experience strengthening transmission by driving AMPA receptors into synapses.
Preserving the tree of life.
Single neurons in the monkey hippocampus and learning of new associations.
Recent expansion of Toxoplasma through enhanced oral transmission.
Drug discovery: A question of library design.
Trial by twitter.
Coordination of DNA replication and histone modification by the Rik1-Dos2 complex.
Competition and phylogeny determine community structure in Mullerian co-mimics.
Aspartate [thinsp] 112 is the selectivity filter of the human voltage-gated proton channel.
Neural crest regulates myogenesis through the transient activation of NOTCH.
Thermal history of Mars inferred from orbital geochemistry of volcanic provinces.
Corruption kills.
Drugs: a tangled web of targets.
Frictional ageing from interfacial bonding and the origins of rate and state friction.
Calorie restriction promotes mammalian cell survival by inducing the SIRT1 deacetylase.
The neural basis of altruistic punishment.
Single-crystal nanorings formed by epitaxial self-coiling of polar nanobelts.
Gefitinib-sensitizing EGFR mutations in lung cancer activate anti-apoptotic pathways.
Placebo-induced changes in FMRI in the anticipation and experience of pain.
More intense, more frequent, and longer lasting heat waves in the 21st century.
Niemann-Pick C1 Like 1 protein is critical for intestinal cholesterol absorption.
Sample dimensions influence strength and crystal plasticity.
Mobile elements: drivers of genome evolution.
Identification of virus-encoded microRNAs.
Primary contribution to zebrafish heart regeneration by gata4+ cardiomyocytes.
A novel pathway regulates memory and plasticity via SIRT1 and miR-134.
Linking functional decline of telomeres, mitochondria and stem cells during ageing.
Directional water collection on wetted spider silk.
Quantum simulation of frustrated Ising spins with trapped ions.
Preparation and detection of a mechanical resonator near the ground state of motion.
Jasmonate perception by inositol-phosphate-potentiated COI1-JAZ co-receptor.
IL25 elicits a multipotent progenitor cell population that promotes TH2 cytokine responses.
The complete mitochondrial DNA genome of an unknown hominin from southern Siberia.
A proximity-based programmable DNA nanoscale assembly line.
Molecular biology: RNA discrimination.
A bimodular mechanism of calcium control in eukaryotes.
The hard facts.
Structure of the Mediator head module.
Synthetic biology: Four steps to avoid a synthetic-biology disaster.
Oceanic nitrogen reservoir regulated by plankton diversity and ocean circulation.
[C] Beware the creeping cracks of bias..
RR-Lyrae-type pulsations from a 0.26-solar-mass star in a binary system.
Deleted in colorectal carcinoma suppresses metastasis in p53-deficient mammary tumours.
Patterning by controlled cracking.
Nanoelectromechanical systems.
Accumulation of dietary cholesterol in sitosterolemia caused by mutations in adjacent ABC transporters.
Three-dimensional direct imaging of structural relaxation near the colloidal glass transition.
Therapeutic approaches to bone diseases.
Wnt signaling in oncogenesis and embryogenesis--a look outside the nucleus.
A [2] catenane-based solid state electronically reconfigurable switch.
The way things move: looking under the hood of molecular motor proteins.
Resetting central and peripheral circadian oscillators in transgenic rats.
Generalized potential of adult neural stem cells.
Orchestrated transcription of key pathways in Arabidopsis by the circadian clock.
Nervy links protein kinase a to plexin-mediated semaphorin repulsion.
Let there be (NADH) light.
Reflectins: the unusual proteins of squid reflective tissues.
Organic chemistry in drug discovery.
Molecular plasmonics.
Foundering lithosphere imaged beneath the southern Sierra Nevada, California, USA.
Fragmentation in massive star formation.
A network of superconducting gravimeters detects submicrogal coseismic gravity changes.
Caution urged on SARS vaccines.
An engineered pathway for the formation of protein disulfide bonds.
Analytic thinking promotes religious disbelief.
21st-century evolution of Greenland outlet glacier velocities.
Structures of cage, prism, and book isomers of water hexamer from broadband rotational spectroscopy.
The absolute chronology and thermal processing of solids in the solar protoplanetary disk.
Nanomaterials for drug delivery.
Mapping the core of the Arabidopsis circadian clock defines the network structure of the oscillator.
Crystal Structure of the Calcium ReleaseActivated Calcium Channel Orai.
Nanoscopy in a living mouse brain.
Phosphofructokinase 1 glycosylation regulates cell growth and metabolism.
Some consequences of having too little.
Cell biology: nuclear order out of chaos.
Schizophrenia: Incriminating genomic evidence.
Near-isothermal conditions in the middle and lower crust induced by melt migration.
Granular matter: Static in motion.
Jovian-like aurorae on Saturn.
Astrophysics: Blown away by cosmic rays.
Alzheimer's disease: The latest suspect.
Increasing use of stimulants warns of potential abuse.
Saving art in situ.
Neurodegeneration: a question of balance.
Antibodies to human serum amyloid P component eliminate visceral amyloid deposits.
Effects of thymic selection of the T-cell repertoire on HLA class [thinsp] I-associated control of HIV infection.
Sensitivity to perturbations in vivo implies high noise and suggests rate coding in cortex.
A precision measurement of the gravitational redshift by the interference of matter waves.
Hormonal control of the shoot stem-cell niche.
Transcriptional control of preadipocyte determination by Zfp423.
Regulation of myeloid leukaemia by the cell-fate determinant Musashi.
Chromatin signature of embryonic pluripotency is established during genome activation.
Subnanometre single-molecule localization, registration and distance measurements.
Small RNAs are on the move.
Synteny and collinearity in plant genomes.
Phylogeny-aware gap placement prevents errors in sequence alignment and evolutionary analysis.
Ordered mesoporous materials from metal nanoparticleblock copolymer self-assembly.
A photon turnstile dynamically regulated by one atom.
Dynamic proteomics of individual cancer cells in response to a drug.
Log or linear? Distinct intuitions of the number scale in Western and Amazonian indigene cultures.
A stress signaling pathway in adipose tissue regulates hepatic insulin resistance.
Human fetal hemoglobin expression is regulated by the developmental stage-specific repressor BCL11A.
Phanerozoic trends in the global diversity of marine invertebrates.
Genes and social behavior.
The disorder-free non-BCS superconductor Cs3C60 emerges from an antiferromagnetic insulator parent state.
Origin of nucleosynthetic isotope heterogeneity in the solar protoplanetary disk.
Universal theory of nonlinear Luttinger liquids.
Volcanism, mass extinction, and carbon isotope fluctuations in the Middle Permian of China.
Macrovertebrate paleontology and the Pliocene habitat of Ardipithecus ramidus.
Complementary active sites cause size-selective reactivity of aluminum cluster anions with water.
Sustainable floodplains through large-scale reconnection to rivers.
Transcriptional regulatory circuits: predicting numbers from alphabets.
Combining prehension and propulsion: the foot of Ardipithecus ramidus.
Three-color entanglement.
Nanotechnology: carbon nanotubes with DNA recognition.
The harlequin mouse mutation downregulates apoptosis-inducing factor.
A large nucleolar U3 ribonucleoprotein required for 18S ribosomal RNA biogenesis.
Quantifying the risk of extreme seasonal precipitation events in a changing climate.
Molecular basis of seasonal time measurement in Arabidopsis.
Origin of GABAergic neurons in the human neocortex.
Rapid freshening of the deep North Atlantic Ocean over the past four decades.
Apoptosis initiated by Bcl-2-regulated caspase activation independently of the cytochrome c/Apaf-1/caspase-9 apoptosome.
Genome shuffling leads to rapid phenotypic improvement in bacteria.
The Drosophila immune response against Gram-negative bacteria is mediated by a peptidoglycan recognition protein.
Cyberinfrastructure for e-Science.
Direct evidence for a parietal-frontal pathway subserving spatial awareness in humans.
The coming paradigm shift in forensic identification science.
Interlinked fast and slow positive feedback loops drive reliable cell decisions.
Designing superhard materials.
Uterine fibroids: the elephant in the room.
Structural bioinformatics-based design of selective, irreversible kinase inhibitors.
Hsp90 potentiates the rapid evolution of new traits: drug resistance in diverse fungi.
HIV/AIDS in women: an expanding epidemic.
Functional genomic analysis of the Wnt-wingless signaling pathway.
Grain composition and productivity of maize hybrids derived from the Illinois protein strains in response to variable nitrogen supply.
Gene flow in wheat at the field scale.
Combining abilities of quality protein maize inbreds.
QTL mapping of winter hardiness genes in lentil.
Establishment of bermudagrass and zoysiagrass by seed.
Light and heavy turfgrass seeds differ in germination percentage and mean germination thermal time.
Primitive accession derived germplasm by cultivar crosses as sources for cotton improvement.
Near isogenic lines confirm a soybean cyst nematode resistance gene from PI 88788 on linkage group J.
AFLP and AFLP-Derived SCAR Markers Associated with Resistance in Cowpea.
Deterministic generation of single photons from one atom trapped in a cavity.
Heterochromatic silencing and HP1 localization in Drosophila are dependent on the RNAi machinery.
Unifying the epidemiological and evolutionary dynamics of pathogens.
Lowland forest loss in protected areas of Indonesian Borneo.
Targeting malaria virulence and remodeling proteins to the host erythrocyte.
Crystal structures of human cytochrome P450 3A4 bound to metyrapone and progesterone.
Acidic mammalian chitinase in asthmatic Th2 inflammation and IL-13 pathway activation.
Self-assembly of mesoscopic metal-polymer amphiphiles.
Cognitive control signals for neural prosthetics.
EGF-like growth factors as mediators of LH action in the ovulatory follicle.
Agri-environment schemes do not effectively protect biodiversity in Dutch agricultural landscapes.
Cancer epidemiology in the last century and the next decade.
LTRPC7 is a Mg ATP-regulated divalent cation channel required for cell viability.
An efficient room-temperature silicon-based light-emitting diode.
Ecological and evolutionary processes at expanding range margins.
A general model for ontogenetic growth.
Increased sedimentation rates and grain sizes 24 Myr ago due to the influence of climate change on erosion rates.
Multisite phosphorylation of a CDK inhibitor sets a threshold for the onset of DNA replication.
Two-component circuitry in Arabidopsis cytokinin signal transduction.
An off-axis hydrothermal vent field near the Mid-Atlantic Ridge at 30 N.
Protein activity regulation by conformational entropy.
Targeting nuclear RNA for in vivo correction of myotonic dystrophy.
Principles for designing ideal protein structures.
Topoisomerase inhibitors unsilence the dormant allele of Ube3a in neurons.
Serine is a natural ligand and allosteric activator of pyruvate kinase M2.
Nonlinear material behaviour of spider silk yields robust webs.
Reversal of cocaine-evoked synaptic potentiation resets drug-induced adaptive behaviour.
G-protein-coupled receptor inactivation by an allosteric inverse-agonist antibody.
A map of nucleosome positions in yeast at base-pair resolution.
Atomic model of the type III secretion system needle.
Materials science: fast-track solar cells.
Craniofacial development of hagfishes and the evolution of vertebrates.
Integrating abundance and functional traits reveals new global hotspots of fish diversity.
Cell intrinsic immunity spreads to bystander cells via the intercellular transfer of cGAMP.
Direct recording and molecular identification of the calcium channel of primary cilia.
Elemental gesture dynamics are encoded by song premotor cortical neurons.
Non-optimal codon usage is a mechanism to achieve circadian clock conditionality.
Myc-driven endogenous cell competition in the early mammalian embryo.
BAF complexes facilitate decatenation of DNA by topoisomerase II [agr].
Experimental realization of non-Abelian non-adiabatic geometric gates.
Immunology: Dendritic-cell genealogy.
Massive star formation within the Leo 'primordial'ring.
Chemical biology: A Notch above other inhibitors.
China's climate target: is it achievable?.
Climate change: snakes tell a torrid tale.
Complex systems: Cooperative network dynamics.
Luxury bushmeat trade threatens lemur conservation.
Pandemics: avoiding the mistakes of 1918.
Photonics: One-way road for light.
Atmospheric physics: Cosmic rays, clouds and climate.
Antiviral immunity in Drosophila requires systemic RNA interference spread.
A change of strategy in the war on cancer.
Caenorhabditis elegans dauers need LKB1/AMPK to ration lipid reserves and ensure long-term survival.
Climate change: The El Nio with a difference.
A female figurine from the basal Aurignacian of Hohle Fels Cave in southwestern Germany.
A candidate sub-parsec supermassive binary black hole system.
Mapping GFP structure evolution during proton transfer with femtosecond Raman spectroscopy.
(&pgr;, &pgr;) electronic order in iron arsenide superconductors.
Extreme particle acceleration in the microquasar Cygnus X-3.
Detoxification of sulphidic African shelf waters by blooming chemolithotrophs.
9 Billion?.
A simple type of wood in two Early Devonian plants.
Seismic imaging of transition zone discontinuities suggests hot mantle west of Hawaii.
Disclosing identities in diffuse interstellar bands.
China aims to turn tide against toxic lake pollution.
Venus's southern polar vortex reveals precessing circulation.
Interhemispheric ice-sheet synchronicity during the Last Glacial Maximum.
Onset of plate tectonics.
The bonding electron density in aluminum.
Faking giants: the evolution of high prey clearance rates in jellyfishes.
Intrinsic retroviral reactivation in human preimplantation embryos and pluripotent cells.
Hopes for the year ahead.
Aerodynamics: Vortices and robobees.
Structural basis for gene regulation by a B12-dependent photoreceptor.
[C] Indirect costs: The reimbursement gap.
[C] Space missions: Another two-body trick before Dawn.
Laboratory history: The chemistry chronicles.
Antibodies: Validate recombinants too.
Molecular biology: Signals across domains of life.
History: Women at the edge of science.
Quantitative evidence for global amphibian population declines.
Requirement for glycogen synthase kinase-3 in cell survival and NF-B activation.
Identification of the Nogo inhibitor of axon regeneration as a Reticulon protein.
LDL-receptor-related proteins in Wnt signal transduction.
Alternative dielectrics to silicon dioxide for memory and logic devices.
Quorum-sensing signals indicate that cystic fibrosis lungs are infected with bacterial biofilms.
Genetic diversity and disease control in rice.
Blockade of RAGEamphoterin signalling suppresses tumour growth and metastases.
Potential for biomolecular imaging with femtosecond X-ray pulses.
Trapping and emission of photons by a single defect in a photonic bandgap structure.
Flexible minerals: self-assembled calcite spicules with extreme bending strength.
A thylakoid-located two-pore K+ channel controls photosynthetic light utilization in plants.
Revealing nature's cellulase diversity: the digestion mechanism of Caldicellulosiruptor bescii CelA.
Dinitrogen cleavage and hydrogenation by a trinuclear titanium polyhydride complex.
Detecting ozone-and greenhouse gasdriven wind trends with observational data.
Detection and learning of floral electric fields by bumblebees.
Diagnostic cancer genome sequencing and the contribution of germline variants.
Functional ion defects in transition metal oxides.
Hell and high water: practice-relevant adaptation science.
Intrinsically disordered protein threads through the bacterial outer-membrane porin OmpF.
Mineral disequilibrium in lavas explained by convective self-mixing in open magma chambers.
Antimicrobials: peptide antibiotics in mast cells of fish.
The buffer effect and large-scale population regulation in migratory birds.
Evidence of intra-specific competition for food in a pelagic seabird.
Imaging the atomic arrangements on the high-temperature reconstructed -Al2O3 (0001) surface.
Motion-induced blindness in normal observers.
Coherent manipulation of semiconductor quantum bits with terahertz radiation.
Pressure-induced amorphization and an amorphousamorphous transition in densified porous silicon.
Two-dimensional imaging of electronic wavefunctions in carbon nanotubes.
Sharper images by focusing soft X-rays with photon sieves.
The foot of Homo floresiensis.
The insect nephrocyte is a podocyte-like cell with a filtration slit diaphragm.
A surface transporter family conveys the trypanosome differentiation signal.
Neural processing of auditory feedback during vocal practice in a songbird.
Secreted semaphorins control spine distribution and morphogenesis in the postnatal CNS.
Neurotransmission selectively regulates synapse formation in parallel circuits in vivo.
Directional Delta and Notch trafficking in Sara endosomes during asymmetric cell division.
The oldest hand-axes in Europe.
Non-coalescence of oppositely charged drops.
Structure and function of the 5 3 exoribonuclease Rat1 and its activating partner Rai1.
Ice-shelf melting around Antarctica.
Injectable, cellular-scale optoelectronics with applications for wireless optogenetics.
Growing self-organizing mini-guts from a single intestinal stem cell: mechanism and applications.
Terahertz metamaterials for linear polarization conversion and anomalous refraction.
Minimal" Self" peptides that inhibit phagocytic clearance and enhance delivery of nanoparticles.
Structural basis for molecular recognition at serotonin receptors.
53BP1 regulates DSB repair using Rif1 to control 5 end resection.
The Xist lncRNA exploits three-dimensional genome architecture to spread across the X chromosome.
An efficient polymer molecular sieve for membrane gas separations.
The genome of the ctenophore Mnemiopsis leidyi and its implications for cell type evolution.
Host immune system gene targeting by a viral miRNA.
A powerful chiral counterion strategy for asymmetric transition metal catalysis.
Cognitive recovery in socially deprived young children: The Bucharest Early Intervention Project.
Germanium nanowire growth below the eutectic temperature.
Common sequence variants in the LOXL1 gene confer susceptibility to exfoliation glaucoma.
Nuclear activity of MLA immune receptors links isolate-specific and basal disease-resistance responses.
The coevolution of parochial altruism and war.
Domesticated nature: shaping landscapes and ecosystems for human welfare.
Glaciers dominate eustatic sea-level rise in the 21st century.
Chromospheric Alfvnic waves strong enough to power the solar wind.
The imprint of atmospheric evolution in the D/H of Hesperian clay minerals on Mars.
My liberation through science.
Conformational plasticity of a native retroviral capsid revealed by x-ray crystallography.
Randomize evaluations to improve health care delivery.
Understanding artemisinin resistance.
Proteomics reveals dynamic assembly of repair complexes during bypass of DNA cross-links.
Natural light-gated anion channels: A family of microbial rhodopsins for advanced optogenetics.
Somatic mutation in single human neurons tracks developmental and transcriptional history.
Fast, continuous, 3D printing.
Targeting Wnt signaling in lymphoma.
Globe still in grip of addiction.
Genomics: the search for association.
IPCC: cherish it, tweak it or scrap it.
Early life: Origins of multicellularity.
Drug discovery: Pulled from a protein's embrace.
Biophysics: Joint effort bends membrane.
A large coronal loop in the Algol system.
Public database for HIV drug resistance in southern Africa.
Supramolecular chemistry: more than the sum of its parts.
Metrics: journal's impact factor skewed by a single paper.
Clonogenic neoblasts are pluripotent adult stem cells that underlie planarian regeneration.
Synthetic biology moving into the clinic.
Ensemble asteroseismology of solar-type stars with the NASA Kepler mission.
Live attenuated malaria vaccine designed to protect through hepatic CD8+ T cell immunity.
Chromosome organization by a nucleoid-associated protein in live bacteria.
Mutational inactivation of STAG2 causes aneuploidy in human cancer.
A synthetic optogenetic transcription device enhances blood-glucose homeostasis in mice.
Aberrant overexpression of satellite repeats in pancreatic and other epithelial cancers.
The persistently variable background stratospheric aerosol layer and global climate change.
An extremely luminous panchromatic outburst from the nucleus of a distant galaxy.
Helsinki's new clinical rules: fewer placebos, more disclosure.
When pharma merges, R&D is the dowry.
Inositol phosphates in the nucleus.
Treaty takes a POP at the dirty dozen.
Molecules at rest.
A tail of histone acetylation and DNA recombination.
The position of moving objects.
Was Lamarck just a little bit right?.
HSV latency-associated transcript and neuronal apoptosis.
A cyclic carbanionic valence isomer of a carbocation: Diphosphino analogs of diaminocarbocations.
Nanotechnology: holes with an edge.
A bony connection signals laryngeal echolocation in bats.
Nanotechnology: peptides as biological semiconductors.
Structural biology: proteins in dynamic equilibrium.
A bizarre, humped Carcharodontosauria (Theropoda) from the Lower Cretaceous of Spain.
Counterpoint: data first.
The lead isotopic age of the Earth can be explained by core formation alone.
Drug discovery: How melanomas bypass new therapy.
Design, function and structure of a monomeric ClC transporter.
Atom gravimeters and gravitational redshift.
The PSI-H subunit of photosystem I is essential for state transitions in plant photosynthesis.
Optical microscopy using a single-molecule light source.
Configurational entropy and diffusivity of supercooled water.
Conversion of diploidy to haploidy.
Molecular control over Au/GaAs diodes.
Remission in models of type 1 diabetes by gene therapy using a single-chain insulin analogue.
Single-molecule analysis of DNA uncoiling by a type II topoisomerase.
A deeply knotted protein structure and how it might fold.
Coenzyme Q is an obligatory cofactor for uncoupling protein function.
Deep convective clouds with sustained supercooled liquid water down to-37.5 C.
Redox regulation of germline and vulval development in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Adaptation limits diversification of experimental bacterial populations.
Quantum phase transition in organic charge-transfer complexes.
Ignorance, knowledge, and outcomes in a small world.
Circadian clocks in daily and seasonal control of development.
Resources of the sea floor.
Reduced pupillary light responses in mice lacking cryptochromes.
The signal to move: D. discoideum go orienteering.
Comment on" Little evidence for developmental plasticity of adult hematopoietic stem cells".
A nebular origin for chondritic fine-grained phyllosilicates.
Revealing the world of RNA interference.
Capacity limit of visual short-term memory in human posterior parietal cortex.
Role of histone H2A ubiquitination in Polycomb silencing.
Role of transposable elements in heterochromatin and epigenetic control.
Probable observation of a supersolid helium phase.
Spatial structure often inhibits the evolution of cooperation in the snowdrift game.
Mutations in VKORC1 cause warfarin resistance and multiple coagulation factor deficiency type 2.
Controlling the dynamics of spontaneous emission from quantum dots by photonic crystals.
Thin films: unexpected magnetism in a dielectric oxide.
Effectiveness of the global protected area network in representing species diversity.
Scaling metabolism from organisms to ecosystems.
A structural state of the myosin V motor without bound nucleotide.
Periodic notch inhibition by lunatic fringe underlies the chick segmentation clock.
Pathogenic bacteria attach to human fibronectin through a tandem -zipper.
CUL-4 ubiquitin ligase maintains genome stability by restraining DNA-replication licensing.
Detection of bromine monoxide in a volcanic plume.
Stratigraphic, chronological and behavioural contexts of Pleistocene Homo sapiens from Middle Awash, Ethiopia.
Increased CO2 uncouples growth from isoprene emission in an agriforest ecosystem.
The BMP antagonist noggin regulates cranial suture fusion.
Electroluminescent device with reversible switching between red and green emission.
Diffusible signals, not autonomous mechanisms, determine the main proximodistal limb subdivision.
Isotopic evidence for massive oxidation of organic matter following the Great Oxidation Event.
A bacterial protein targets the BAHD1 chromatin complex to stimulate type III interferon response.
Graphitic tribological layers in metal-on-metal hip replacements.
Three periods of regulatory innovation during vertebrate evolution.
A homonuclear molecule with a permanent electric dipole moment.
An egg-adult association, gender, and reproduction in pterosaurs.
Atmospheric carbon injection linked to end-Triassic mass extinction.
Positive supercoiling of mitotic DNA drives decatenation by topoisomerase II in eukaryotes.
Singlebase pair unwinding and asynchronous RNA release by the hepatitis C virus NS3 helicase.
The geometric distance and proper motion of the triangulum galaxy (M33).
The magnetic field of the Large Magellanic Cloud revealed through Faraday rotation.
Mechanism of hsp70i gene bookmarking.
Extrusion and death of DPP/BMP-compromised epithelial cells in the developing Drosophila wing.
Single-molecule torsional pendulum.
Mutualistic fungi control crop diversity in fungus-growing ants.
Synthesis of imido analogs of the uranyl ion.
The structure of interleukin-2 complexed with its alpha receptor.
Kinetic evidence for five-coordination in AlOH (aq) 2+ ion.
Macroscopic, neat, single-walled carbon nanotube fibers.
Toroidal triblock copolymer assemblies.
Sea urchin spine calcite forms via a transient amorphous calcium carbonate phase.
S-nitrosylation of parkin regulates ubiquitination and compromises parkin's protective function.
Detection of methane in the atmosphere of Mars.
Computational constraints on syntactic processing in a nonhuman primate.
Acetylation by Tip60 is required for selective histone variant exchange at DNA lesions.
RNA silencing genes control de novo DNA methylation.
Local ordering in the pseudogap state of the high-Tc superconductor Bi2Sr2CaCu2O8+ .
Cofilin promotes actin polymerization and defines the direction of cell motility.
Electronic nematicity above the structural and superconducting transition in BaFe2 (As1-xPx) 2.
Structure of the chemokine receptor CXCR1 in phospholipid bilayers.
The case for open computer programs.
Repeated polyploidization of Gossypium genomes and the evolution of spinnable cotton fibres.
Structure of the agonist-bound neurotensin receptor.
The anti-Shine-Dalgarno sequence drives translational pausing and codon choice in bacteria.
Human ES-cell-derived cardiomyocytes electrically couple and suppress arrhythmias in injured hearts.
Structure-based prediction of protein-protein interactions on a genome-wide scale.
Novel role of PKR in inflammasome activation and HMGB1 release.
DNase [thinsp] I sensitivity QTLs are a major determinant of human expression variation.
The interstellar N2 abundance towards HD 124314 from far-ultraviolet observations.
Evidence for deep-water production in the North Pacific Ocean during the early Cenozoic warm interval.
Ageing and the mystery at Arles.
Ecology: ethics and amphibians.
The DNA sequence and comparative analysis of human chromosome 5.
Negative intrinsic resistivity of an individual domain wall in epitaxial (Ga, Mn) As microdevices.
Demixing in simple fluids induced by electric field gradients.
More than meets the eye.
Acoustics: tuning of vocal tract resonance by sopranos.
Climatology (communication arising): rural land-use change and climate.
A sorting platform determines the order of protein secretion in bacterial type III systems.
Big and mighty: Preverbal infants mentally represent social dominance.
Self-organizing and stochastic behaviors during the regeneration of hair stem cells.
A virophage at the origin of large DNA transposons.
The antiproliferative action of progesterone in uterine epithelium is mediated by Hand2.
Flood volcanism in the northern high latitudes of Mercury revealed by MESSENGER.
Chromatin prepattern and histone modifiers in a fate choice for liver and pancreas.
Supramolecular Archimedean cages assembled with 72 hydrogen bonds.
Leishmania RNA virus controls the severity of mucocutaneous leishmaniasis.
Detection of pristine gas two billion years after the big bang.
Myocyte adrenoceptor signaling pathways.
An age-induced switch to a hyper-recombinational state.
Role of subplate neurons in functional maturation of visual cortical columns.
State-specific correlation of coincident product pairs in the F+ CD4 reaction.
Observation of long supershear rupture during the magnitude 8.1 Kunlunshan earthquake.
Modulation of -thrombin function by distinct interactions with platelet glycoprotein Ib.
Global warming trend of mean tropospheric temperature observed by satellites.
Detection of quantum noise from an electrically driven two-level system.
Long-term effects of wildfire on ecosystem properties across an island area gradient.
Anthropogenic CO2 uptake by the ocean based on the global chlorofluorocarbon data set.
The signature of orbital motion from the dayside of the planet [tgr] Bootis b.
Structure of yeast Argonaute with guide RNA.
HIV-infected T cells are migratory vehicles for viral dissemination.
Vaccine-induced CD8+ T cells control AIDS virus replication.
The 2.8 [thinsp] A crystal structure of the dynein motor domain.
The NAD-dependent deacetylase SIRT2 is required for programmed necrosis.
Deciphering a neuronal circuit that mediates appetite.
Live-cell delamination counterbalances epithelial growth to limit tissue overcrowding.
Chemical genetic discovery of targets and anti-targets for cancer polypharmacology.
CaMKII determines mitochondrial stress responses in heart.
ERphagosome fusion defines an MHC class I cross-presentation compartment in dendritic cells.
A microRNA controlling left/right neuronal asymmetry in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Rapid Cenozoic glaciation of Antarctica induced by declining atmospheric CO2.
Oleylethanolamide regulates feeding and body weight through activation of the nuclear receptor PPAR-.
Intracardiac fluid forces are an essential epigenetic factor for embryonic cardiogenesis.
Mechanism of silk processing in insects and spiders.
A colloidal model system with an interaction tunable from hard sphere to soft and dipolar.
Comparative analyses of multi-species sequences from targeted genomic regions.
A regulatory mutation in IGF2 causes a major QTL effect on muscle growth in the pig.
Demonstration of an all-optical quantum controlled-NOT gate.
Four-dimensional electron microscopy.
Does REDD+ threaten to recentralize forest governance.
Sequence-and structure-specific RNA processing by a CRISPR endonuclease.
Spatial and temporal variations of groundwater arsenic in South and Southeast Asia.
Combined effects on selectivity in Fe-catalyzed methylene oxidation.
Requirement of prorenin receptor and vacuolar H+-ATPasemediated acidification for Wnt signaling.
N-terminal acetylation of cellular proteins creates specific degradation signals.
Activation of -catenin in dendritic cells regulates immunity versus tolerance in the intestine.
Prdm9 controls activation of mammalian recombination hotspots.
Dopaminergic network differences in human impulsivity.
The role of working memory in visual selective attention.
The influence of the proinflammatory cytokine, osteopontin, on autoimmune demyelinating disease.
Signaling to the nucleus by an L-type calcium channel-calmodulin complex through the MAP kinase pathway.
Nuclear cloning and epigenetic reprogramming of the genome.
Structure of MsbA from E. coli: a homolog of the multidrug resistance ATP binding cassette (ABC) transporters.
Physiological migration of hematopoietic stem and progenitor cells.
The human transcriptome map: clustering of highly expressed genes in chromosomal domains.
Real-time single-molecule imaging of the infection pathway of an adeno-associated virus.
Reciprocal regulation between TOC1 and LHY/CCA1 within the Arabidopsis circadian clock.
Water permeation across biological membranes: mechanism and dynamics of aquaporin-1 and GlpF.
Global metabolic impacts of recent climate warming.
Inductive angiocrine signals from sinusoidal endothelium are required for liver regeneration.
Structural basis for 5 [prime]-nucleotide base-specific recognition of guide RNA by human AGO2.
CD95 promotes tumour growth.
Staphylococcus epidermidis Esp inhibits Staphylococcus aureus biofilm formation and nasal colonization.
Quiescent haematopoietic stem cells are activated by IFN-[ggr] in response to chronic infection.
Human memory strength is predicted by theta-frequency phase-locking of single neurons.
Type IIA topoisomerase inhibition by a new class of antibacterial agents.
Robust warming of the global upper ocean.
A large atomic chlorine source inferred from mid-continental reactive nitrogen chemistry.
Architecture of mammalian fatty acid synthase at 4.5  resolution.
Two Dobzhansky-Muller genes interact to cause hybrid lethality in Drosophila.
The nucleosomal surface as a docking station for Kaposi's sarcoma herpesvirus LANA.
Netrins promote developmental and therapeutic angiogenesis.
Noncoding RNAs of trithorax response elements recruit Drosophila Ash1 to Ultrabithorax.
The muscle protein Dok-7 is essential for neuromuscular synaptogenesis.
Hardening by annealing and softening by deformation in nanostructured metals.
Biogeographic evolution of Madagascar's microendemic biota.
The Pliocene paradox (mechanisms for a permanent El Nio).
Atomic description of an enzyme reaction dominated by proton tunneling.
Single-molecule kinetics of  exonuclease reveal base dependence and dynamic disorder.
Dating the tree of life.
Transcription-coupled events associating with immunoglobulin switch region chromatin.
Nucleolar clustering of dispersed tRNA genes.
The division of endosymbiotic organelles.
High-accuracy ab initio rotation-vibration transitions for water.
Extracting work from a single heat bath via vanishing quantum coherence.
Climate sensitivity uncertainty and the need for energy without CO2 emission.
Measles outbreaks in a population with declining vaccine uptake.
Immunotherapeutic approaches to Alzheimer's disease.
A hybridization model for the plasmon response of complex nanostructures.
Nanoparticle-based bio-bar codes for the ultrasensitive detection of proteins.
PDGFRA activating mutations in gastrointestinal stromal tumors.
Water-soluble quantum dots for multiphoton fluorescence imaging in vivo.
Electron transport in molecular wire junctions.
Ionic liquids--solvents of the future?.
Mutations in the DJ-1 gene associated with autosomal recessive early-onset parkinsonism.
Obesity and the environment: where do we go from here?.
Sensing DNA damage through ATRIP recognition of RPA-ssDNA complexes.
Climate-driven increases in global terrestrial net primary production from 1982 to 1999.
Giant convection cells found on the sun.
Pervasive externalities at the population, consumption, and environment nexus.
Potential of the synthetic lethality principle.
The Human LanguageAssociated Gene SRPX2 Regulates Synapse Formation and Vocalization in Mice.
Type 6 secretion systemmediated immunity to type 4 secretion systemmediated gene transfer.
Blooms bite the hand that feeds them.
Paleofluvial mega-canyon beneath the central Greenland ice sheet.
Detection of a noble gas molecular ion, 36ArH+, in the Crab Nebula.
An Interferon Paradox.
An accurate geometric distance to the compact binary SS Cygni vindicates accretion disc theory.
Increasing risk of great floods in a changing climate.
Developmental psychology: Rational imitation in preverbal infants.
Calorie restriction extends Saccharomyces cerevisiae lifespan by increasing respiration.
The non-coding Air RNA is required for silencing autosomal imprinted genes.
Thiamine derivatives bind messenger RNAs directly to regulate bacterial gene expression.
Local dispersal promotes biodiversity in a real-life game of rockpaperscissors.
Ubiquitination of histone H2B regulates H3 methylation and gene silencing in yeast.
Identification of a factor that links apoptotic cells to phagocytes.
Structural changes in the calcium pump accompanying the dissociation of calcium.
Kremen proteins are Dickkopf receptors that regulate Wnt/-catenin signalling.
Cardiovascular risk factors emerge after artificial selection for low aerobic capacity.
T helper cell fate specified by kinase-mediated interaction of T-bet with GATA-3.
Transmission of equine influenza virus to dogs.
The use of transit timing to detect terrestrial-mass extrasolar planets.
Allosteric mechanisms of signal transduction.
Fast readout of object identity from macaque inferior temporal cortex.
Zircon thermometer reveals minimum melting conditions on earliest Earth.
The pseudo-response regulator Ppd-H1 provides adaptation to photoperiod in barley.
Dynamics of mammalian chromosome evolution inferred from multispecies comparative maps.
Long-term monitoring of bacteria undergoing programmed population control in a microchemostat.
Covalently bridging gaps in single-walled carbon nanotubes with conducting molecules.
Dodeca-CLE peptides as suppressors of plant stem cell differentiation.
Biologically inspired artificial compound eyes.
Timing and climatic consequences of the opening of Drake Passage.
Enceladus' water vapor plume.
Going east: new genetic and archaeological perspectives on the modern human colonization of Eurasia.
A bacterial virulence protein suppresses host innate immunity to cause plant disease.
Polymorphic secreted kinases are key virulence factors in toxoplasmosis.
Cassini encounters Enceladus: Background and the discovery of a south polar hot spot.
Why are there so many species of herbivorous insects in tropical rainforests?.
HLA and NK cell inhibitory receptor genes in resolving hepatitis C virus infection.
A draft sequence for the genome of the domesticated silkworm (Bombyx mori).
Activation of apoptosis in vivo by a hydrocarbon-stapled BH3 helix.
Role of NMDA receptor subtypes in governing the direction of hippocampal synaptic plasticity.
Formation of secondary organic aerosols through photooxidation of isoprene.
Trophic action of leptin on hypothalamic neurons that regulate feeding.
Timing, duration, and transitions of the last interglacial Asian monsoon.
Virus-based toolkit for the directed synthesis of magnetic and semiconducting nanowires.
Observation of the pairing gap in a strongly interacting Fermi gas.
The ENCODE (ENCyclopedia of DNA elements) project.
Members of the human gut microbiota involved in recovery from Vibrio cholerae infection.
Dynamics of genomic clones in breast cancer patient xenografts at single-cell resolution.
Coordinated regulation of protein synthesis and degradation by mTORC1.
Icosahedral bacteriophage [Phi] X174 forms a tail for DNA transport during infection.
A primitive placoderm sheds light on the origin of the jawed vertebrate face.
A shift of thermokarst lakes from carbon sources to sinks during the Holocene epoch.
Circular polarization in the optical afterglow of GRB 121024A.
Temperature sensitivity of soil respiration rates enhanced by microbial community response.
Pulmonary macrophage transplantation therapy.
Quantum imaging with undetected photons.
Initiation of myoblast to brown fat switch by a PRDM16C/EBP-&bgr; transcriptional complex.
Impact of changes in diffuse radiation on the global land carbon sink.
Crystal structure of the sodiumpotassium pump at 2.4  resolution.
Direct activation of protein kinases by unanchored polyubiquitin chains.
Anticipatory haemodynamic signals in sensory cortex not predicted by local neuronal activity.
Telomerase modulates Wnt signalling by association with target gene chromatin.
Parental origin of sequence variants associated with complex diseases.
Generation of transgenic non-human primates with germline transmission.
Adaptation of HIV-1 to human leukocyte antigen class I.
Membrane scission by the ESCRT-III complex.
Cognitive memory: cellular and network machineries and their top-down control.
Structure of nerve growth factor complexed with the shared neurotrophin receptor p75.
Honey bee nest thermoregulation: diversity promotes stability.
Reduction of particulate air pollution lowers the risk of heritable mutations in mice.
Mutations in a human ROBO gene disrupt hindbrain axon pathway crossing and morphogenesis.
High pore fluid pressure may cause silent slip in the Nankai Trough.
Antarctic timing of surface water changes off Chile and Patagonian ice sheet response.
Aging in rhesus monkeys: relevance to human health interventions.
Intracellular acidosis enhances the excitability of working muscle.
Phytochrome-interacting factor 1 is a critical bHLH regulator of chlorophyll biosynthesis.
AID stabilizes stem-cell phenotype by removing epigenetic memory of pluripotency genes.
Histone deacetylase 3 coordinates commensal-bacteria-dependent intestinal homeostasis.
Enhanced reversibility and unusual microstructure of a phase-transforming material.
Pif1 helicase and Pol [dgr] promote recombination-coupled DNA synthesis via bubble migration.
The activity-dependent transcription factor NPAS4 regulates domain-specific inhibition.
Feature detection and orientation tuning in the Drosophila central complex.
Hepatitis-C-virus-like internal ribosome entry sites displace eIF3 to gain access to the 40S subunit.
Flux-freezing breakdown in high-conductivity magnetohydrodynamic turbulence.
A Jurassic mammaliaform and the earliest mammalian evolutionary adaptations.
A juvenile mouse pheromone inhibits sexual behaviour through the vomeronasal system.
Active tactile exploration using a brain-machine-brain interface.
TSLP promotes interleukin-3-independent basophil haematopoiesis and type 2 inflammation.
Duplications of the neuropeptide receptor gene VIPR2 confer significant risk for schizophrenia.
Non-CO2 greenhouse gases and climate change.
Co-adjuvant effects of retinoic acid and IL-15 induce inflammatory immunity to dietary antigens.
Stem cells: The dark side of induced pluripotency.
Local sleep in awake rats.
The genome of the green anole lizard and a comparative analysis with birds and mammals.
Relativistic jet activity from the tidal disruption of a star by a massive black hole.
Acoelomorph flatworms are deuterostomes related to Xenoturbella.
Coherent properties of a two-level system based on a quantum-dot photodiode.
Future projections for Mexican faunas under global climate change scenarios.
HIV-1 evades antibody-mediated neutralization through conformational masking of receptor-binding sites.
The antiquity of RNA-based evolution.
Detection of polarization in the cosmic microwave background using DASI.
Severe impairment of interleukin-1 and Toll-like receptor signalling in mice lacking IRAK-4.
Questioning the evidence for Earth's oldest fossils.
Artificial charge-modulationin atomic-scale perovskite titanate superlattices.
Subendothelial retention of atherogenic lipoproteins in early atherosclerosis.
Placental-specific IGF-II is a major modulator of placental and fetal growth.
A natural polymorphism alters odour and DEET sensitivity in an insect odorant receptor.
A rapid mechanism to remobilize and homogenize highly crystalline magma bodies.
Kin selection and eusociality.
Rad51 paralogues Rad55-Rad57 balance the antirecombinase Srs2 in Rad51 filament formation.
Subduction dynamics and the origin of Andean orogeny and the Bolivian orocline.
Structure and mechanism of the hexameric MecA-ClpC molecular machine.
Nematoda from the terrestrial deep subsurface of South Africa.
An impact-driven dynamo for the early Moon.
Stem-cell-triggered immunity through CLV3p-FLS2 signalling.
Only full-sibling families evolved eusociality.
Ethical and social considerations of stem cell research.
Reduced antinociception and plasma extravasation in mice lacking a neuropeptide Y receptor.
Group A Streptococcus tissue invasion by CD44-mediated cell signalling.
Flexible electronic futures.
Gate-induced superconductivity in a solution-processed organic polymer film.
Entomology: immune defence in bumble-bee offspring.
The elastic constants of MgSiO3 perovskite at pressures and temperatures of the Earth's mantle.
X-ray clusters of galaxies as tracers of structure in the universe.
The contribution of sensory experience to the maturation of orientation selectivity in ferret visual cortex.
Hyperpolarization-activated channels HCN1 and HCN4 mediate responses to sour stimuli.
Synaptic depression in the localization of sound.
Staphylocoagulase is a prototype for the mechanism of cofactor-induced zymogen activation.
Experimental evidence that potassium is a substantial radioactive heat source in planetary cores.
Role for antisense RNA in regulating circadian clock function in Neurospora crassa.
Climate-driven changes to the atmospheric CO2 sink in the subtropical North Pacific Ocean.
Kinematics: Wide shear zones in granular bulk flow.
Reduction of soil carbon formation by tropospheric ozone under increased carbon dioxide levels.
Growth dynamics underlying petal shape and asymmetry.
Yeast genome duplication was followed by asynchronous differentiation of duplicated genes.
Pharmacology: uncoupling the agony from ecstasy.
The spread of behavior in an online social network experiment.
Self-assembled plasmonic nanoparticle clusters.
Structure of the human dopamine D3 receptor in complex with a D2/D3 selective antagonist.
Human genome sequencing using unchained base reads on self-assembling DNA nanoarrays.
Analysis of genetic inheritance in a family quartet by whole-genome sequencing.
Reconstituting organ-level lung functions on a chip.
Autophagy and metabolism.
Mechanisms underlying lineage commitment and plasticity of helper CD4+ T cells.
Climate change will affect the Asian water towers.
Association of trypanolytic ApoL1 variants with kidney disease in African Americans.
Specificity in Toll-like receptor signalling through distinct effector functions of TRAF3 and TRAF6..
Policing stabilizes construction of social niches in primates.
Transient pulsed radio emission from a magnetar.
SAGA interacting factors confine sub-diffusion of transcribed genes to the nuclear envelope.
Rapid discharge connects Antarctic subglacial lakes.
A bottom-up approach to gene regulation.
Nanospring behaviour of ankyrin repeats.
Anti-apoptotic function of a microRNA encoded by the HSV-1 latency-associated transcript.
Origin of the dielectric dead layer in nanoscale capacitors.
Quantum supercurrent transistors in carbon nanotubes.
Human contribution to the European heatwave of 2003.
Single-crystal metallic nanowires and metal/semiconductor nanowire heterostructures.
Deterministic quantum teleportation with atoms.
Genomic analysis of regulatory network dynamics reveals large topological changes.
Neural activity predicts individual differences in visual working memory capacity.
Endurance running and the evolution of Homo.
Deterministic quantum teleportation of atomic qubits.
Derivation of embryonic germ cells and male gametes from embryonic stem cells.
The rnai revolution.
The ADP/ATP translocator is not essential for the mitochondrial permeability transition pore.
Climate modelling: severe summertime flooding in Europe.
Protection against enteric salmonellosis in transgenic mice expressing a human intestinal defensin.
Nicotinamide and PNC1 govern lifespan extension by calorie restriction in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
El Nino/Southern Oscillation and tropical Pacific climate during the last millennium.
Transcription-targeted DNA deamination by the AID antibody diversification enzyme.
Biological activity in the deep subsurface and the origin of heavy oil.
BAD and glucokinase reside in a mitochondrial complex that integrates glycolysis and apoptosis.
Unidirectional rotation in a mechanically interlocked molecular rotor.
Generation of nonclassical photon pairs for scalable quantum communication with atomic ensembles.
Histone H3 phosphorylation by IKK- is critical for cytokine-induced gene expression.
Focused specificity of intestinal TH17 cells towards commensal bacterial antigens.
Palladium-catalysed CH activation of aliphatic amines to give strained nitrogen heterocycles.
Observation of Dirac monopoles in a synthetic magnetic field.
Altitude adaptation in Tibetans caused by introgression of Denisovan-like DNA.
Efficient ethanol production from brown macroalgae sugars by a synthetic yeast platform.
Large, non-saturating magnetoresistance in WTe2.
Muc5b is required for airway defence.
Realizing the promise of cancer predisposition genes.
An excitatory paraventricular nucleus to AgRP neuron circuit that drives hunger.
Structural basis of PAM-dependent target DNA recognition by the Cas9 endonuclease.
Nuclear actin network assembly by formins regulates the SRF coactivator MAL.
Climate change and the past, present, and future of biotic interactions.
Ancient DNA reveals key stages in the formation of central European mitochondrial genetic diversity.
Soil diversity and hydration as observed by ChemCam at Gale Crater, Mars.
X-ray diffraction results from Mars Science Laboratory: Mineralogy of Rocknest at Gale crater.
The gene Sr33, an ortholog of barley Mla genes, encodes resistance to wheat stem rust race Ug99.
Fungal small RNAs suppress plant immunity by hijacking host RNA interference pathways.
Detection of a spinning object using light's orbital angular momentum.
Global charcoal mobilization from soils via dissolution and riverine transport to the oceans.
Unwinding of a skyrmion lattice by magnetic monopoles.
Noxious compounds activate TRPA1 ion channels through covalent modification of cysteines.
Resolvin E1 and protectin D1 activate inflammation-resolution programmes.
Origins of major human infectious diseases.
Deficiencies in DNA damage repair limit the function of haematopoietic stem cells with age.
Attosecond real-time observation of electron tunnelling in atoms.
Escape from HER-family tyrosine kinase inhibitor therapy by the kinase-inactive HER3.
Mechanism of coupled folding and binding of an intrinsically disordered protein.
The medaka draft genome and insights into vertebrate genome evolution.
mTOR controls mitochondrial oxidative function through a YY1PGC-1&agr; transcriptional complex.
A hierarchy of timescales in protein dynamics is linked to enzyme catalysis.
Regulation of the germinal center response by microRNA-155.
Stabilization of platinum oxygen-reduction electrocatalysts using gold clusters.
FT protein movement contributes to long-distance signaling in floral induction of Arabidopsis.
Gender disparity in liver cancer due to sex differences in MyD88-dependent IL-6 production.
Apoptosis initiated when BH3 ligands engage multiple Bcl-2 homologs, not Bax or Bak.
Top-down versus bottom-up control of attention in the prefrontal and posterior parietal cortices.
A metagenomic survey of microbes in honey bee colony collapse disorder.
Reducing endogenous tau ameliorates amyloid -induced deficits in an Alzheimer's disease mouse model.
A whole-genome association study of major determinants for host control of HIV-1.
Rethinking organic aerosols: Semivolatile emissions and photochemical aging.
Informed consent in social science.
Do we need 'synthetic bioethics'.
The foam drainage equation with time-and space-fractional derivatives solved by the Adomian method.
[C] Why Can't We Test Our Way to Absolute Food Safety?.
CaCl-ing channels get the last laugh.
Parasite treatment affects maternal investment in sons.
Response to Comment on" The Southern Ocean Biological Response to Aeolian Iron Deposition".
Internal brain state regulates membrane potential synchrony in barrel cortex of behaving mice.
Why fishing magnifies fluctuations in fish abundance.
Imaging of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease.
An internal thermal sensor controlling temperature preference in Drosophila.
An extremely luminous X-ray outburst at the birth of a supernova.
Tracing the stepwise oxygenation of the Proterozoic ocean.
Complex systems: Ecology for bankers.
SLAC1 is required for plant guard cell S-type anion channel function in stomatal signalling.
Hydrated silicate minerals on Mars observed by the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter CRISM instrument.
RNA interference screen for human genes associated with West Nile virus infection.
Pseudogene-derived small interfering RNAs regulate gene expression in mouse oocytes.
Impaired TH17 cell differentiation in subjects with autosomal dominant hyper-IgE syndrome.
Regulation of progenitor cell proliferation and granulocyte function by microRNA-223.
Cyclical DNA methylation of a transcriptionally active promoter.
Kemp elimination catalysts by computational enzyme design.
Dynamic repertoire of a eukaryotic transcriptome surveyed at single-nucleotide resolution.
A paracrine requirement for hedgehog signalling in cancer.
Domain organization of human chromosomes revealed by mapping of nuclear lamina interactions.
The Phaeodactylum genome reveals the evolutionary history of diatom genomes.
Genes mirror geography within Europe.
Targeted deletion of the 9p21 non-coding coronary artery disease risk interval in mice.
Enhancement of proteasome activity by a small-molecule inhibitor of USP14.
Differential innate immune signalling via Ca2+ sensor protein kinases.
Global patterns and predictors of marine biodiversity across taxa.
Prigord black truffle genome uncovers evolutionary origins and mechanisms of symbiosis.
Whole-exome sequencing identifies recessive WDR62 mutations in severe brain malformations.
TGF-&bgr;FOXO signalling maintains leukaemia-initiating cells in chronic myeloid leukaemia.
Quantitative reactivity profiling predicts functional cysteines in proteomes.
Efficient quantum memory for light.
The energetics of genome complexity.
The ATM repair pathway inhibits RNA polymerase I transcription in response to chromosome breaks.
Seasonal characteristics of the Indian Ocean Dipole during the Holocene epoch.
Positive darwinian selection at the imprinted MEDEA locus in plants.
Association of the jets of Enceladus with the warmest regions on its south-polar fractures.
A new eutriconodont mammal and evolutionary development in early mammals.
A direct link of the MosMAPK pathway to Erp1/Emi2 in meiotic arrest of Xenopus laevis eggs.
The carboxy terminus of NBS1 is required for induction of apoptosis by the MRE11 complex.
Structural basis of Dscam isoform specificity.
Ecology: the proximate cause of frog declines?.
Redox evolution of a degassing magma rising to the surface.
Applied physics: Champing at the bit.
[C] A chemist finds beauty in molecules that resemble an early model of the Solar System.
Academics strike back at spurious rankings.
Circadian rhythms: metabolic clockwork.
Energy efficiency: Super savers: Meters to manage the future.
Neuroscience: a local route to pain relief.
Visual perception: A gloss on surface properties.
Tools for drug discovery: Tools of the trade.
Data sharing: the next generation.
Architecture of the RNA polymerase II-Mediator core initiation complex.
Declining global warming effects on the phenology of spring leaf unfolding.
Wild bees: Lone rangers.
Glaciology: Climatology on thin ice.
New cofactor supports [agr],[bgr]-unsaturated acid decarboxylation via 1, 3-dipolar cycloaddition.
Theatre: Atomic tragedian.
Molecular basis for 5-carboxycytosine recognition by RNA polymerase II elongation complex.
Ongoing hydrothermal activities within Enceladus.
Microscopy: Access to the bigger picture in histology.
Green research labs: Zero net emissions from Venter facility.
The genomic and epidemiological dynamics of human influenza A virus.
Spatio-temporal correlations and visual signalling in a complete neuronal population.
Advancing decadal-scale climate prediction in the North Atlantic sector.
Individual differences in non-verbal number acuity correlate with maths achievement.
Epicardial progenitors contribute to the cardiomyocyte lineage in the developing heart.
Hierarchical self-assembly of DNA into symmetric supramolecular polyhedra.
The cancer biomarker problem.
Mining the plasma proteome for cancer biomarkers.
Stream denitrification across biomes and its response to anthropogenic nitrate loading.
Identifying natural images from human brain activity.
The cytidine deaminase CEM15 induces hypermutation in newly synthesized HIV-1 DNA.
Sea-level fluctuations during the last glacial cycle.
Rotational actuators based on carbon nanotubes.
Critical thickness for ferroelectricity in perovskite ultrathin films.
Free fatty acids regulate insulin secretion from pancreatic  cells through GPR40.
Recent developments in compact ultrafast lasers.
High-performance thin-film transistors using semiconductor nanowires and nanoribbons.
Experimental demonstration of a robust, high-fidelity geometric two ion-qubit phase gate.
Anaerobic ammonium oxidation by anammox bacteria in the Black Sea.
An NS3 protease inhibitor with antiviral effects in humans infected with hepatitis C virus.
 8 .
Environment: Deforestation soars in the Amazon.
Laboratory animals: German initiative opens up animal data.
Electron pairing without superconductivity.
The Drosophila TNF receptor Grindelwald couples loss of cell polarity and neoplastic growth.
Regenerative biology: The versatile and plastic liver.
Public health: The case for pay to quit.
In situ low-relief landscape formation as a result of river network disruption.
Yap-dependent reprogramming of Lgr5+ stem cells drives intestinal regeneration and cancer.
Combinatorial synthesis of peptide arrays onto a microchip.
Arithmetic 2 CLIMATE CHANGE: CO.
Non-Fermi liquid metal without quantum criticality.
Mars: A new core-crystallization regime.
Anisotropic violation of the Wiedemann-Franz law at a quantum critical point.
Dinitrogen dissociation on an isolated surface tantalum atom.
Microfluidic adhesion induced by subsurface microstructures.
Direct observation of chaperone-induced changes in a protein folding pathway.
Mass-independent sulfur isotopic compositions in stratospheric volcanic eruptions.
Innate defence: evidence for memory in invertebrate immunity.
The plant MITE mPing is mobilized in anther culture.
Chibby, a nuclear -catenin-associated antagonist of the Wnt/Wingless pathway.
The formation of the Kuiper belt by the outward transport of bodies during Neptune's migration.
Hyperelasticity governs dynamic fracture at a critical length scale.
Parallel extinction risk and global distribution of languages and species.
Patterns and processes in reef fish diversity.
A cryo-electron microscopic study of ribosome-bound termination factor RF2.
Violation of a Bell-like inequality in single-neutron interferometry.
Chemical and behavioural characterization of the rabbit mammary pheromone.
Arteriolar niches maintain haematopoietic stem cell quiescence.
Great ape genetic diversity and population history.
High-molecular-mass hyaluronan mediates the cancer resistance of the naked mole rat.
T-helper-1-cell cytokines drive cancer into senescence.
Molecular understanding of sulphuric acid-amine particle nucleation in the atmosphere.
Optical-field-induced current in dielectrics.
Innate lymphoid cells regulate CD4+ T-cell responses to intestinal commensal bacteria.
Genetic programs in human and mouse early embryos revealed by single-cell RNA [thinsp] sequencing.
Squeezed light from a silicon micromechanical resonator.
A T-bet gradient controls the fate and function of CCR6-ROR [ggr] t+ innate lymphoid cells.
High-Quality Binary Protein Interaction Map of the.
Intracellular signaling by Akt: bound to be specific.
Kinome siRNA screen identifies regulators of ciliogenesis and hedgehog signal transduction.
The dynamic Z bands of striated muscle cells.
ETosis: a novel cell death pathway.
pVHL: a multipurpose adaptor protein.
Host-directed drug targeting of factors hijacked by pathogens.
The cytoplasmic tail of MUC1: a very busy place.
Diversification of the function of cell-to-cell signaling in regulation of virulence within plant pathogenic xanthomonads.
A Wnt-fall for gene regulation: repression.
Extensive, recent intron gains in Daphnia populations.
Spatial organization of hominin activities at Gesher Benot Ya'aqov, Israel.
Exploration of Victoria crater by the Mars rover Opportunity.
Recruitment of antigen-specific CD8+ T cells in response to infection is markedly efficient.
Indirect punishment and generosity toward strangers.
Paternal dominance of trans-eQTL influences gene expression patterns in maize hybrids.
The structure of rat liver vault at 3.5 angstrom resolution.
Direct detection of abortive RNA transcripts in vivo.
Catalytic core of a membrane-associated eukaryotic polyphosphate polymerase.
A functional role for transposases in a large eukaryotic genome.
Plasticity: time for a reappraisal?.
The ecology of genetically modified mosquitoes.
A role for peroxisomes in photomorphogenesis and development of Arabidopsis.
Mechanisms of adaptation in a predator-prey arms race: TTX-resistant sodium channels.
Temporal specificity in the cortical plasticity of visual space representation.
The science of ART.
Genetic loci affecting resistance to human malaria parasites in a West African mosquito vector population.
Coherence with atoms.
Structure of a cofactor-deficient nitrogenase MoFe protein.
Independent origins and rapid evolution of the placenta in the fish genus Poeciliopsis.
Aquatic animal telemetry: a panoramic window into the underwater world.
Slip pulse and resonance of the Kathmandu basin during the 2015 Gorkha earthquake, Nepal.
Patients with LRBA deficiency show CTLA4 loss and immune dysregulation responsive to abatacept therapy.
Rebooting MOOC research.
The dark lab.
Coping with earthquakes induced by fluid injection.
Prediction, precaution, and policy under global change.
China's aquaculture and the world's wild fisheries.
[C] Evolutionary insights from sponges.
[C] Letter to the editor: Crop Models, CO and Climate Change.
Brain evolution studies go micro.
Neutrino astrophysics experiments beneath the sea and ice.
Comment on Top-down versus bottom-up control of attention in the prefrontal and posterior parietal cortices.
Thermal Conductivity of Solids.
Ocean circulation and climate during the past 120,000 years.
Self-organization of supramolecular helical dendrimers into complex electronic materials.
The adaptor molecule TIRAP provides signalling specificity for Toll-like receptors.
Nogo-66 receptor antagonist peptide promotes axonal regeneration.
Evolution, consequences and future of plant and animal domestication.
Comprehensive proteomic analysis of the human spliceosome.
Ultralow-threshold Raman laser using a spherical dielectric microcavity.
Reputation helps solve the 'tragedy of the commons'.
Ferromagnetism in one-dimensional monatomic metal chains.
Functional improvement of dystrophic muscle by myostatin blockade.
A single adenosine with a neutral pKa in the ribosomal peptidyl transferase center.
Honeybee navigation: nature and calibration of the" odometer".
Cross talk between interferon- and-/ signaling components in caveolar membrane domains.
Whistle matching in wild bottlenose dolphins (Tursiops truncatus).
The Chi-Chi earthquake sequence: active, out-of-sequence thrust faulting in Taiwan.
Influenza B virus in seals.
The productive conformation of arachidonic acid bound to prostaglandin synthase.
An organic solid state injection laser.
Mechanisms of ordering in striped patterns.
Two-amino acid molecular switch in an epithelial morphogen that regulates binding to two distinct receptors.
Stability of hydrous melt at the base of the Earth's upper mantle.
Condensed-matter physics: coherent questions.
Structure of eEF3 and the mechanism of transfer RNA release from the E-site.
Proterozoic low orbital obliquity and axial-dipolar geomagnetic field from evaporite palaeolatitudes.
No evidence for thick deposits of ice at the lunar south pole.
Uplift, thermal unrest and magma intrusion at Yellowstone caldera.
Eastern Pacific cooling and Atlantic overturning circulation during the last deglaciation.
Diapir-induced reorientation of Saturn's moon Enceladus.
Fast neurotransmitter release triggered by Ca influx through AMPA-type glutamate receptors.
Immunology: Toll-like receptors and antibody responses.
Transcriptional co-activator PGC-1 drives the formation of slow-twitch muscle fibres.
ChromatinIgG complexes activate B cells by dual engagement of IgM and Toll-like receptors.
IRE1 couples endoplasmic reticulum load to secretory capacity by processing the XBP-1 mRNA.
Transition-metal-based magnetic refrigerants for room-temperature applications.
Identification of a cold receptor reveals a general role for TRP channels in thermosensation.
Chondroitinase ABC promotes functional recovery after spinal cord injury.
Understanding and exploiting CH bond activation.
High tensile ductility in a nanostructured metal.
Active genes are tri-methylated at K4 of histone H3.
Molecular evolution of FOXP2, a gene involved in speech and language.
An autophagy-enhancing drug promotes degradation of mutant 1-antitrypsin Z and reduces hepatic fibrosis.
Extensive methane venting to the atmosphere from sediments of the East Siberian Arctic Shelf.
Cooperativity in ion hydration.
Resonance fluorescence of a single artificial atom.
The growing human footprint on coastal and open-ocean biogeochemistry.
Areawide suppression of European corn borer with Bt maize reaps savings to non-Bt maize growers.
Dnmt3a-dependent nonpromoter DNA methylation facilitates transcription of neurogenic genes.
An oxidative enzyme boosting the enzymatic conversion of recalcitrant polysaccharides.
Genome-wide kinetics of nucleosome turnover determined by metabolic labeling of histones.
Radical ligands confer nobility on base-metal catalysts.
Money woes cripple Venezuela's health system.
Cell-intrinsic requirement of Dscam1 isoform diversity for axon collateral formation.
Forgetting the presidents.
Life science technologies: Big biological impacts from big data.
Peering into peer review.
A Two-Catalyst Photochemistry Route to Homochiral Rings.
Directed ortho-meta-and meta-meta-dimetalations: A template base approach to deprotonation.
Influenza A virus uses the aggresome processing machinery for host cell entry.
Acquisition of germ plasm accelerates vertebrate evolution.
Rare earth.
Chemical characterization of element 112.
Structural insight into filament formation by mammalian septins.
Femtosecond time-delay X-ray holography.
Chemical glycosylation in the synthesis of glycoconjugate antitumour vaccines.
The molecular architecture of cadherins in native epidermal desmosomes.
Recuperation of nitrogen cycling in Amazonian forests following agricultural abandonment.
Structure and function of the histone chaperone CIA/ASF1 complexed with histones H3 and H4.
Temporal precision in the neural code and the timescales of natural vision.
Spin-based logic in semiconductors for reconfigurable large-scale circuits.
A spectrum of an extrasolar planet.
Niche partitioning increases resource exploitation by diverse communities.
A nitric oxideinducible lactate dehydrogenase enables Staphylococcus aureus to resist innate immunity.
Crystal structure of the termination module of a nonribosomal peptide synthetase.
Whither hurricane activity.
Extending earthquakes' reach through cascading.
Challenges in modeling materials properties without experimental input.
Widespread genetic incompatibility in C. elegans maintained by balancing selection.
Regulatory genes control a key morphological and ecological trait transferred between species.
Structural evidence for common ancestry of the nuclear pore complex and vesicle coats.
From genotype to phenotype: systems biology meets natural variation.
Ultrapermeable, reverse-selective nanocomposite membranes.
Adult-onset primary open-angle glaucoma caused by mutations in optineurin.
Requirement for hippocampal CA3 NMDA receptors in associative memory recall.
Activation of endothelial cell protease activated receptor 1 by the protein C pathway.
Atom-resolved imaging of dynamic shape changes in supported copper nanocrystals.
Functional neuroimaging of speech perception in infants.
Isolating" uncultivable" microorganisms in pure culture in a simulated natural environment.
Micro/nano encapsulation via electrified coaxial liquid jets.
Redox regulation of forkhead proteins through a p66shc-dependent signaling pathway.
Will retinal implants restore vision?.
Harnessing the power of the genome in the search for new antibiotics.
The Babel of bioinformatics.
Translocation of C. elegans CED-4 to nuclear membranes during programmed cell death.
Incorporation of short-lived 10Be in a calcium-aluminum-rich inclusion from the Allende meteorite.
Evidence for superfluidity in para-hydrogen clusters inside helium-4 droplets at 0.15 kelvin.
A primitive enantiornithine bird and the origin of feathers.
Mechanism of ATP-dependent promoter melting by transcription factor IIH.
Imaging the electron wave function in self-assembled quantum dots.
Pol : a DNA polymerase required for sister chromatid cohesion.
Start sites of bidirectional DNA synthesis at the human lamin B2 origin.
Growing the gas-giant planets by the gradual accumulation of pebbles.
Bee studies stir up pesticide debate.
Dauer-independent insulin/IGF-1-signalling implicates collagen remodelling in longevity.
Assessing science.
Why Microbiome Treatments Could Pay Off Soon.
Donald Metcalf (1929-2014).
Robots that can adapt like animals.
Crucial HSP70 co-chaperone complex unlocks metazoan protein disaggregation.
Nuclear chemistry: Lawrencium bridges a knowledge gap.
Molecular characterization of Ph1 as a major chromosome pairing locus in polyploid wheat.
Computer optimization of a minimal biped model discovers walking and running.
A network dysfunction perspective on neurodegenerative diseases.
Microbial sciences: the superficial life of microbes.
The type Ia supernova SNLS-03D3bb from a super-Chandrasekhar-mass white dwarf star.
Superplastic carbon nanotubes.
Symbiosis insights through metagenomic analysis of a microbial consortium.
Optimal isotope labelling for NMR protein structure determinations.
Distinct catalytic and non-catalytic roles of ARGONAUTE4 in RNA-directed DNA methylation.
Global distribution and conservation of rare and threatened vertebrates.
Offshore fresh groundwater reserves as a global phenomenon.
The protein quality control system manages plant defence compound synthesis.
Biotechnology: Rewriting a genome.
Allowable carbon emissions lowered by multiple climate targets.
Research impact: Altmetrics make their mark.
Magnetic-field-controlled reconfigurable semiconductor logic.
Biomedicine: The new gold standard.
Meteorology: Improve weather forecasts for the developing world.
A two-domain elevator mechanism for sodium/proton antiport.
Identification of small RNA pathway genes using patterns of phylogenetic conservation and divergence.
Polarized light cues underlie compass calibration in migratory songbirds.
Transatlantic abundance of the N2-fixing colonial cyanobacterium Trichodesmium.
Conformational switches modulate protein interactions in peptide antibiotic synthetases.
Isotopic evidence for dietary variability in the early hominin Paranthropus robustus.
Tim50 maintains the permeability barrier of the mitochondrial inner membrane.
Detailed images of asteroid 25143 Itokawa from Hayabusa.
Giant ringlike radio structures around Galaxy Cluster Abell 3376.
Coherent state evolution in a superconducting qubit from partial-collapse measurement.
Femtosecond multidimensional imaging of a molecular dissociation.
Reproductive social behavior: cooperative games to replace sexual selection.
Shallow dynamic overshoot and energetic deep rupture in the 2011 Mw 9.0 Tohoku-Oki earthquake.
ER tubules mark sites of mitochondrial division.
Retrieval practice produces more learning than elaborative studying with concept mapping.
The newest synthesis: understanding the interplay of evolutionary and ecological dynamics.
The pace of shifting climate in marine and terrestrial ecosystems.
A synthetic nickel electrocatalyst with a turnover frequency above 100,000 s 1 for H2 production.
Evidence for network evolution in an Arabidopsis interactome map.
A potent and broad neutralizing antibody recognizes and penetrates the HIV glycan shield.
Deciphering the rhizosphere microbiome for disease-suppressive bacteria.
Nanoparticle superlattice engineering with DNA.
Comparative losses of British butterflies, birds, and plants and the global extinction crisis.
A host-targeting signal in virulence proteins reveals a secretome in malarial infection.
The involvement of the orbitofrontal cortex in the experience of regret.
Direct activation of the ATM protein kinase by the Mre11/Rad50/Nbs1 complex.
Human amygdala responsivity to masked fearful eye whites.
The structure and receptor binding properties of the 1918 influenza hemagglutinin.
Independent cellular processes for hippocampal memory consolidation and reconsolidation.
Cation exchange reactions in ionic nanocrystals.
Epigenetic dynamics of imprinted X inactivation during early mouse development.
Neural activity triggers neuronal oxidative metabolism followed by astrocytic glycolysis.
Multipotent somatic stem cells contribute to the stem cell niche in the Drosophila testis.
Evidence for a terminal Pt (IV)-oxo complex exhibiting diverse reactivity.
Concerted multi-pronged attack by calpastatin to occlude the catalytic cleft of heterodimeric calpains.
Structure of Epac2 in complex with a cyclic AMP analogue and RAP1B.
Galaxies appear simpler than expected.
Osteoclast size is controlled by Fra-2 through LIF/LIF-receptor signalling and hypoxia.
Triple oxygen isotope evidence for elevated CO2 levels after a Neoproterozoic glaciation.
An Fgf/Gremlin inhibitory feedback loop triggers termination of limb bud outgrowth.
Energetic neutral atoms as the explanation for the high-velocity hydrogen around HD 209458b.
Low heat flow inferred from> 4 Gyr zircons suggests Hadean plate boundary interactions.
Cavity solitons as pixels in semiconductor microcavities.
Determination of leftright patterning of the mouse embryo by artificial nodal flow.
Somatic cell nuclear transfer.
The nature and transport mechanism of hydrated hydroxide ions in aqueous solution.
Insights into DNA recombination from the structure of a RAD51BRCA2 complex.
Effects of size and temperature on developmental time.
Structure of the HP1 chromodomain bound to histone H3 methylated at lysine 9.
High brightness electron beam from a multi-walled carbon nanotube.
Wnt-11 activation of a non-canonical Wnt signalling pathway is required for cardiogenesis.
LaserRaman imagery of Earth's earliest fossils.
Small CTD phosphatases function in silencing neuronal gene expression.
Hypoxia, global warming, and terrestrial Late Permian extinctions.
Network theory--the emergence of the creative enterprise.
Tyrosinase reactivity in a model complex: an alternative hydroxylation mechanism.
Apolipoprotein LI promotes trypanosome lysis by forming pores in lysosomal membranes.
Coincident scrapie infection and nephritis lead to urinary prion excretion.
Fewer genes, more noncoding RNA.
GRIP deuterium excess reveals rapid and orbital-scale changes in Greenland moisture origin.
Structure and freezing of MgSiO3 liquid in Earth's lower mantle.
Cyberinfrastructure: empowering a" third way" in biomedical research.
Prion diseases: a nucleic-acid accomplice?.
Arachnology: scavenging by brown recluse spiders.
Mathematics: Does the proof stack up?.
Evolution: ending incongruence.
Biomechanics: bacterial flagellar switching under load.
Neurophysiology: sensing temperature without ion channels.
Optics (communication arising): Mechanism for'superluminal'tunnelling.
Applied physics: Spintronics gets a magnetic flute.
Metabolism: ecology shapes bird bioenergetics.
Oceanography: Mixing with latitude.
Mg2+ regulates cytotoxic functions of NK and CD8 T cells in chronic EBV infection through NKG2D.
Vaterite crystals contain two interspersed crystal structures.
Architecture of an RNA polymerase II transcription pre-initiation complex.
Interfollicular epidermal stem cells self-renew via autocrine Wnt signaling.
Exceptional convergence on the macroevolutionary landscape in island lizard radiations.
Exoplanet habitability.
Professional development for science teachers.
Low upper limit to methane abundance on Mars.
Mitochondrial fusion directs cardiomyocyte differentiation via calcineurin and Notch signaling.
Mice genetically deficient in vasopressin V1a and V1b receptors are resistant to jet lag.
No straight path: Roaming in both ground-and excited-state photolytic channels of NO3 NO+ O2.
Under the hood of the earthquake machine: Toward predictive modeling of the seismic cycle.
Valuing reversible energy storage.
Dynamics of DNA supercoils.
Fear of predation slows plant-litter decomposition.
Organic synthesis via irradiation and warming of ice grains in the solar nebula.
Interplay of intra-and intermolecular H-bonding in a progressively solvated macrocyclic peptide.
Ultrafast viscous permeation of organic solvents through diamond-like carbon nanosheets.
Multiyear prediction of monthly mean Atlantic meridional overturning circulation at 26.5 N.
Subparticle ultrafast spectrum imaging in 4D electron microscopy.
The local structure of amorphous silicon.
A new boson with a mass of 125 GeV observed with the CMS Experiment at the Large Hadron Collider.
The Gutenberg discontinuity: Melt at the lithosphere-asthenosphere boundary.
Biotic multipliers of climate change.
Extinction debt and windows of conservation opportunity in the Brazilian Amazon.
Structure of a 16-nm cage designed by using protein oligomers.
Animal behavior and the microbiome.
Pigment pattern formation by contact-dependent depolarization.
Endophytic insect-parasitic fungi translocate nitrogen directly from insects to plants.
Reconstruction of Microraptor and the evolution of iridescent plumage.
Multiple Ebola virus transmission events and rapid decline of central African wildlife.
Quantum-to-classical transition with single-photon-added coherent states of light.
Modulation of hematopoietic stem cell homing and engraftment by CD26.
Interactions and self-organization in the soil-microbe complex.
Polyketide and nonribosomal peptide antibiotics: modularity and versatility.
Molecular borromean rings.
Inhibition of hepatitis B virus replication by APOBEC3G.
Epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition generates proliferative human islet precursor cells.
Children creating core properties of language: Evidence from an emerging sign language in Nicaragua.
Plastic deformation with reversible peak broadening in nanocrystalline nickel.
Mitotic trigger waves and the spatial coordination of the Xenopus cell cycle.
Doubt cast over tiny stem cells.
Global warming: A call for peace on climate and conflict.
Stereoinversion of tertiary alcohols to tertiary-alkyl isonitriles and amines.
Evolutionary origins of the avian brain.
Electrical image of passive mantle upwelling beneath the northern East Pacific Rise.
DNA unwinding heterogeneity by RecBCD results from static molecules able to equilibrate.
Nickel and helium evidence for melt above the core-mantle boundary.
Cancer: Drug for an'undruggable'protein.
[C] Redefine misconduct as distorted reporting..
Climate tipping points come in from the cold.
[C] Impacts research seen as next climate frontier.
NAADP: a universal Ca2+ trigger.
Science Stimulus Unlikely.
Metabotropic glutamate receptors and fragile x mental retardation protein: partners in translational regulation at the synapse.
Massive Horizontal Gene Transfer in Bdelloid Rotifers.
The protein kinase Pstol1 from traditional rice confers tolerance of phosphorus deficiency.
Popularity versus similarity in growing networks.
A petunia ABC protein controls strigolactone-dependent symbiotic signalling and branching.
The/Higgs/'amplitude mode at the two-dimensional superfluid/Mott insulator transition.
Treatment of stroke with a PSD-95 inhibitor in the gyrencephalic primate brain.
Observation of entanglement between a quantum dot spin and a single photon.
mTORC1 in the Paneth cell niche couples intestinal stem-cell function to calorie intake.
Osteoprotection by semaphorin 3A.
Infection regulates pro-resolving mediators that lower antibiotic requirements.
Autistic-like behaviours and hyperactivity in mice lacking ProSAP1/Shank2.
A luminal epithelial stem cell that is a cell of origin for prostate cancer.
Collective fluid dynamics of a polariton condensate in a semiconductor microcavity.
Crystal structure of the ATP-gated P2X4 ion channel in the closed state.
Rapid formation and selective stabilization of synapses for enduring motor memories.
A genome-wide linkage and association scan reveals novel loci for autism.
Ionic high-pressure form of elemental boron.
Immune control of an SIV challenge by a T-cell-based vaccine in rhesus monkeys.
The role of DNA shape in proteinDNA recognition.
Emerging roles for lipids in shaping membrane-protein function.
Bone-marrow adipocytes as negative regulators of the haematopoietic microenvironment.
The genome of black cottonwood, Populus trichocarpa (Torr. & Gray).
Quantum spin Hall effect and topological phase transition in HgTe quantum wells.
Impacts of biodiversity loss on ocean ecosystem services.
Warming and earlier spring increase western US forest wildfire activity.
Ethanol can contribute to energy and environmental goals.
Ubiquitinated TDP-43 in frontotemporal lobar degeneration and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Reducing the dimensionality of data with neural networks.
Five rules for the evolution of cooperation.
Toll-like receptor triggering of a vitamin D-mediated human antimicrobial response.
A genome-wide association study identifies IL23R as an inflammatory bowel disease gene.
A domain in TNF receptors that mediates ligand-independent receptor assembly and signaling.
The prefrontal cortex: response selection or maintenance within working memory?.
Room temperature magnetic quantum cellular automata.
Dynamics of T lymphocyte responses: intermediates, effectors, and memory cells.
PSD-95 involvement in maturation of excitatory synapses.
Historical trends in lake and river ice cover in the Northern Hemisphere.
Structure and function of a human TAFII250 double bromodomain module.
The Kondo effect in the unitary limit.
A primitive T cell-independent mechanism of intestinal mucosal IgA responses to commensal bacteria.
Atomic-scale structure and catalytic reactivity of the RuO2 (110) surface.
Set2 methylation of histone H3 lysine 36 suppresses histone exchange on transcribed genes.
Generalized Lvy walks and the role of chemokines in migration of effector CD8+ T cells.
Genome-wide protein-DNA binding dynamics suggest a molecular clutch for transcription factor function.
Accurate whole-genome sequencing and haplotyping from 10 to 20 human cells.
Molecular recognition of a single sphingolipid species by a protein/'s transmembrane domain.
Changing Arctic Ocean freshwater pathways.
A vaccine strategy that protects against genital herpes by establishing local memory T cells.
Past extreme warming events linked to massive carbon release from thawing permafrost.
Phosphorylation of NLRC4 is critical for inflammasome activation.
Progressive degeneration of human neural stem cells caused by pathogenic LRRK2.
Statistical inference for noisy nonlinear ecological dynamic systems.
Subcapsular sinus macrophages prevent CNS invasion on peripheral infection with a neurotropic virus.
Grazing-induced reduction of natural nitrous oxide release from continental steppe.
Checkpoint-dependent inhibition of DNA replication initiation by Sld3 and Dbf4 phosphorylation.
Branched tricarboxylic acid metabolism in Plasmodium falciparum.
Mechanism and regulation of acetylated histone binding by the tandem PHD finger of DPF3b.
Molecular coupling of Tsix regulation and pluripotency.
Identification of Younger Dryas outburst flood path from Lake Agassiz to the Arctic Ocean.
Calcium-dependent protein kinase 1 is an essential regulator of exocytosis in Toxoplasma.
A ribosome-associating factor chaperones tail-anchored membrane proteins.
Hydrogen sensors and switches from electrodeposited palladium mesowire arrays.
Southward migration of the intertropical convergence zone through the Holocene.
Human DNA repair genes.
Glycosylation and the immune system.
Molecular basis for high virulence of Hong Kong H5N1 influenza A viruses.
Resolution of the early placental mammal radiation using Bayesian phylogenetics.
Induction of dendritic cell differentiation by IFN- in systemic lupus erythematosus.
Comparative genomics of Listeria species.
A mutant Drosophila insulin receptor homolog that extends life-span and impairs neuroendocrine function.
Formation of neurofibrillary tangles in P301L tau transgenic mice induced by A42 fibrils.
Chemotaxis: navigating by multiple signaling pathways.
Arabidopsis cytokinin signaling pathway.
GPCRs signaling directly through Src-family kinases.
Regulation of interferon production by RIG-I and LGP2: a lesson in self-control.
A role for the cytoplasmic adaptor protein Act1 in mediating IL-17 signaling.
The functions of plant TIR domains.
Dialogue between LKB1 and AMPK: a hot topic at the cellular pole.
Signals on the move: chemokine receptors and organogenesis in zebrafish.
Mercury accumulation in fishes from tropical aquatic ecosystems in the Niger Delta, Nigeria.
Foxp3 is required throughout the life of a regulatory T cell.
Reduction of tropical cloudiness by soot.
Timing the ancestor of the HIV-1 pandemic strains.
Resetting of circadian time in peripheral tissues by glucocorticoid signaling.
Greenhouse gases in intensive agriculture: contributions of individual gases to the radiative forcing of the atmosphere.
Light-driven motion of liquids on a photoresponsive surface.
Ubiquitin protein ligase activity of IAPs and their degradation in proteasomes in response to apoptotic stimuli.
Identification of vaccine candidates against serogroup B meningococcus by whole-genome sequencing.
Interacting molecular loops in the mammalian circadian clock.
Control of viremia and prevention of clinical AIDS in rhesus monkeys by cytokine-augmented DNA vaccination.
High frequency of hypermutable Pseudomonas aeruginosa in cystic fibrosis lung infection.
An exonucleolytic activity of human apurinic/apyrimidinic endonuclease on 3 mispaired DNA.
Behavioural science: homo reciprocans.
Vesicular restriction of synaptobrevin suggests a role for calcium in membrane fusion.
Microarray technology: an array of opportunities.
Genetic similarity between mates and extra-pair parentage in three species of shorebirds.
Thin films: wrinkling of an elastic sheet under tension.
APC-dependent proteolysis of the mitotic cyclin Clb2 is essential for mitotic exit.
Feedback inhibition controls spike transfer in hybrid thalamic circuits.
A long-tailed, seed-eating bird from the Early Cretaceous of China.
Crystal topology: A Mbius strip of single crystals.
Pre-mRNA splicing and mRNA export linked by direct interactions between UAP56 and Aly.
Multiple pathways cooperate in the suppression of genome instability in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Rab23 is an essential negative regulator of the mouse Sonic hedgehog signalling pathway.
Spred is a Sprouty-related suppressor of Ras signalling.
The architecture of active zone material at the frog's neuromuscular junction.
Enhancement of the high-magnetic-field critical current density of superconducting MgB2 by proton irradiation.
Splicing-related catalysis by protein-free snRNAs.
Formation of coastline features by large-scale instabilities induced by high-angle waves.
Neuropeptide Y functions as a neuroproliferative factor.
Materials science: The hardest known oxide.
Testing hypotheses: prediction and prejudice.
Laser-initiated shuttling of a water molecule between H-bonding sites.
Response to comment on" The 1.2-Megabase genome sequence of Mimivirus".
Nightglow in the upper atmosphere of Mars and implications for atmospheric transport.
The illusion of invariant quantities in life histories.
Harvesting energy by improving the economy of human walking.
Bacterial immunity traded for sperm viability in male crickets.
Atom collision-induced resistivity of carbon nanotubes.
Martian surface paleotemperatures from thermochronology of meteorites.
Evidence of recent volcanic activity on the ultraslow-spreading Gakkel ridge.
The physical maps for sequencing human chromosomes 1, 6, 9, 10, 13, 20 and X.
Geochemical tracing of Pacific-to-Atlantic upper-mantle flow through the Drake Passage.
Lessons for the future of journals.
Biomechanics: Turning the key on Drosophila audition.
RNA silencing: Diced defence.
Cancer: death and methylation.
Cognitive neuroscience: repression revisited.
Geophysics: Life, geology and snowball Earth.
Guide to the draft human genome.
Method to silence genes earns loud praise.
Comment on" Large-Scale Sequence Analysis of Avian Influenza Isolates".
The orbital period of the ultraluminous X-ray source in M82.
A centrosome-independent role for -TuRC proteins in the spindle assembly checkpoint.
Oldest writing in the New World.
Reducible complexity.
Report warns of looming pollination crisis in North America.
Mode-selective control of surface reactions.
Refining deep brain stimulation to emulate optogenetic treatment of synaptic pathology.
The organic-rich surface of comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko as seen by VIRTIS/Rosetta.
CHO-bearing organic compounds at the surface of 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko revealed by Ptolemy.
Electronic dura mater for long-term multimodal neural interfaces.
Patterns and ecological drivers of ocean viral communities.
Sea-level rise due to polar ice-sheet mass loss during past warm periods.
Experimental observation of a generalized Gibbs ensemble.
Programmable materials and the nature of the DNA bond.
Observation of tunable band gap and anisotropic Dirac semimetal state in black phosphorus.
Charge ordering in the electron-doped superconductor Nd2xCexCuO4.
Biodiversity meets the atmosphere: a global view of forest canopies.
Larsen ice shelf has progressively thinned.
Cyclic dynamics in a simple vertebrate predator-prey community.
Cerenkov radiation in photonic crystals.
Particle formation by ion nucleation in the upper troposphere and lower stratosphere.
Fusion of cells by flipped SNAREs.
Cerebellar LTD and learning-dependent timing of conditioned eyelid responses.
Games played by rogue proteins in prion disorders and Alzheimer's disease.
Observation of the inverse Doppler effect.
30,000 years of hydrothermal activity at the Lost City vent field.
Megabase deletions of gene deserts result in viable mice.
High-transition-temperature superconductivity in the absence of the magnetic-resonance mode.
The homeotic protein AGAMOUS controls microsporogenesis by regulation of SPOROCYTELESS.
Object-based attention determines dominance in binocular rivalry.
Nodal antagonists regulate formation of the anteroposterior axis of the mouse embryo.
Gigantism and comparative life-history parameters of tyrannosaurid dinosaurs.
Migratory neural crest-like cells form body pigmentation in a urochordate embryo.
Animal behaviour: geomagnetic map used in sea-turtle navigation.
Live birth after ovarian tissue transplant.
Room-temperature ferromagnetic nanotubes controlled by electron or hole doping.
Distinct roles of nerve and muscle in postsynaptic differentiation of the neuromuscular synapse.
Normal human mammary epithelial cells spontaneously escape senescence and acquire genomic changes.
Nonlinear limits to the information capacity of optical fibre communications.
Plant diversity enhances ecosystem responses to elevated CO2 and nitrogen deposition.
Riverine export of aged terrestrial organic matter to the North Atlantic Ocean.
Control of conformational and interpolymer effects in conjugated polymers.
Visual transduction in Drosophila.
Calcitic microlenses as part of the photoreceptor system in brittlestars.
Effects of experience and social context on prospective caching strategies by scrub jays.
Individual recognition in mice mediated by major urinary proteins.
Plant microbiome blueprints.
Sub10 nm polyamide nanofilms with ultrafast solvent transport for molecular separation.
Dust measurements in the coma of comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko inbound to the Sun.
Protective efficacy of adenovirus/protein vaccines against SIV challenges in rhesus monkeys.
Canadian registry to track thousands of pot smokers.
Observing the Atlantic Meridional Overturning Circulation yields a decade of inevitable surprises.
Vibrational relaxation and microsolvation of DF after F-atom reactions in polar solvents.
Multidimensional hierarchical self-assembly of amphiphilic cylindrical block comicelles.
Privacy and human behavior in the age of information.
A multifaceted program causes lasting progress for the very poor: Evidence from six countries.
Homogeneous catalysis--new approaches to catalyst separation, recovery, and recycling.
Protein conformational dynamics probed by single-molecule electron transfer.
Ultrafast hydrogen-bond dynamics in the infrared spectroscopy of water.
Desulfurization of transportation fuels with zeolites under ambient conditions.
Role of mobile DNA in the evolution of vancomycin-resistant Enterococcus faecalis.
Are we ready for pandemic influenza?.
Genesis of suicide terrorism.
Genetic analysis of a high-level vancomycin-resistant isolate of Staphylococcus aureus.
The NIH roadmap.
The BRCT domain is a phospho-protein binding domain.
Oil palm genome sequence reveals divergence of interfertile species in Old and New worlds.
M-CSF instructs myeloid lineage fate in single haematopoietic stem cells.
Induction of mouse germ-cell fate by transcription factors in vitro.
CCR5 is a receptor for Staphylococcus aureus leukotoxin ED.
Unusual architecture of the p7 channel from hepatitis C virus.
The oxidation state of the mantle and the extraction of carbon from Earth/'s interior.
Structural basis for viral 5 [prime]-PPP-RNA recognition by human IFIT proteins.
Psl trails guide exploration and microcolony formation in Pseudomonas aeruginosa biofilms.
Cooperation between brain and islet in glucose homeostasis and diabetes.
RNA catalyses nuclear pre-mRNA splicing.
Microbial habitability of the Hadean Earth during the late heavy bombardment.
Rapid sea-level rise and reef back-stepping at the close of the last interglacial highstand.
Multiple roles for MRE11 at uncapped telomeres.
Inhibitors selective for mycobacterial versus human proteasomes.
Cell biology: Beyond the prion principle.
Structural insight into the autoinhibition mechanism of AMP-activated protein kinase.
The structure of a cytolytic &agr;-helical toxin pore reveals its assembly mechanism.
Detection and trapping of intermediate states priming nicotinic receptor channel opening.
A low-energy core-collapse supernova without a hydrogen envelope.
The oldest articulated osteichthyan reveals mosaic gnathostome characters.
Step-by-step engineered multiparticle entanglement.
Protein interaction mapping in C. elegans using proteins involved in vulval development.
PAX8-PPAR1 fusion in oncogene human thyroid carcinoma.
Polarization of chemoattractant receptor signaling during neutrophil chemotaxis.
Roles of PLC-2 and-3 and PI3K in chemoattractant-mediated signal transduction.
The origins of genomic duplications in Arabidopsis.
Glomalean fungi from the Ordovician.
Facile detection of mitochondrial DNA mutations in tumors and bodily fluids.
Cenozoic deep-sea temperatures and global ice volumes from Mg/Ca in benthic foraminiferal calcite.
Synthesis and characterization of helical multi-shell gold nanowires.
Spitzer spectral observations of the Deep Impact ejecta.
Smoke and pollution aerosol effect on cloud cover.
Metagenomic analysis of coastal RNA virus communities.
Natural malaria infection in Anopheles gambiae is regulated by a single genomic control region.
Activated signal transduction kinases frequently occupy target genes.
Macroscopic hierarchical surface patterning of porphyrin trimers via self-assembly and dewetting.
Evolutionary history of Salmonella typhi.
Modeling single-neuron dynamics and computations: a balance of detail and abstraction.
N-to C-terminal SNARE complex assembly promotes rapid membrane fusion.
Atomic-scale control of friction by actuation of nanometer-sized contacts.
Network anatomy and in vivo physiology of visual cortical neurons.
RIP3 mediates the embryonic lethality of caspase-8-deficient mice.
Primary forests are irreplaceable for sustaining tropical biodiversity.
Programming the magnitude and persistence of antibody responses with innate immunity.
Trifluoromethylation of arenes and heteroarenes by means of photoredox catalysis.
Tracking apex marine predator movements in a dynamic ocean.
Shank3 mutant mice display autistic-like behaviours and striatal dysfunction.
Structure of mammalian AMPK and its regulation by ADP.
Inference of human population history from individual whole-genome sequences.
Don't judge species on their origins.
Global carbon export from the terrestrial biosphere controlled by erosion.
Neuroscience: A cellular basis for the munchies.
SEC14L2 enables pan-genotype HCV replication in cell culture.
A seismic reflection image for the base of a tectonic plate.
Air pollution: Harmful soot spurs climate-policy action.
Plant sciences: Seeds and civilizations.
Interdisciplinary research by the numbers.
Metabolic coupling of two small-molecule thiols programs the biosynthesis of lincomycin A.
Polymers: Secrets from the deep sea.
Quantum physics: Two-atom bunching.
Changes in forest biomass carbon storage in China between 1949 and 1998.
The recent increase in Atlantic hurricane activity: Causes and implications.
Conductance switching in single molecules through conformational changes.
A cortical area selective for visual processing of the human body.
Sea level change through the last glacial cycle.
Crystal structure of the extracellular segment of integrin V3.
Regulation of cell survival by secreted proneurotrophins.
Enhanced neurofibrillary degeneration in transgenic mice expressing mutant tau and APP.
The guanine nucleotide-binding switch in three dimensions.
Optical response of high-dielectric-constant perovskite-related oxide.
Bottom-up synthetic biology: engineering in a tinkerer's world.
Direct measurement of long-range third-order coherence in Bose-Einstein condensates.
The ribosome modulates nascent protein folding.
High-power fiber lasers.
Trace metals as biomarkers for eumelanin pigment in the fossil record.
Social scientists wade into the tweet stream.
African wild ungulates compete with or facilitate cattle depending on season.
Forecasting fire season severity in South America using sea surface temperature anomalies.
Highly regioselective amination of unactivated alkanes by hypervalent sulfonylimino-3-bromane.
Transient activation of the HOG MAPK pathway regulates bimodal gene expression.
Control of cortical GABA circuitry development by Nrg1 and ErbB4 signalling.
DNMT1 maintains progenitor function in self-renewing somatic tissue.
Members of the H3K4 trimethylation complex regulate lifespan in a germline-dependent manner in C. elegans.
Dissection of genetically complex traits with extremely large pools of yeast segregants.
Stomagen positively regulates stomatal density in Arabidopsis.
An influence of solar spectral variations on radiative forcing of climate.
Electric currents couple spatially separated biogeochemical processes in marine sediment.
Designed biomaterials to mimic the mechanical properties of muscles.
Early warning signals of extinction in deteriorating environments.
Ensemble reconstruction constraints on the global carbon cycle sensitivity to climate.
Earth science: Landscape inversion by stream piracy.
Charles H. Townes (1915-2015).
Decrease in CO2 efflux from northern hardwater lakes with increasing atmospheric warming.
PPAR-[agr] and glucocorticoid receptor synergize to promote erythroid progenitor self-renewal.
Intersecting transcription networks constrain gene regulatory evolution.
Doubtful pathways to cold tolerance in plants.
Clinical improvement in psoriasis with specific targeting of interleukin-23.
Big data: The revolution is digitized.
Pesticides: Seeking answers amid a toxic debate.
Materials science: Magnetic alloys break the rules.
Generation of neuronal variability and complexity.
New carbon dates link climatic change with human colonization and Pleistocene extinctions.
A small-molecule screen in C. elegans yields a new calcium channel antagonist.
Strong correlation between levels of tropospheric hydroxyl radicals and solar ultraviolet radiation.
A functional RNAi screen for regulators of receptor tyrosine kinase and ERK signalling.
The removal of cusps from galaxy centres by stellar feedback in the early Universe.
Boc is a receptor for sonic hedgehog in the guidance of commissural axons.
A single amino acid governs enhanced activity of DinB DNA polymerases on damaged templates.
Ultrasonic communication in frogs.
Structure of the insulin receptor ectodomain reveals a folded-over conformation.
Role of the ENTH domain in phosphatidylinositol-4, 5-bisphosphate binding and endocytosis.
Graded materials for resistance to contact deformation and damage.
Microstructured magnetic materials for RF flux guides in magnetic resonance imaging.
Receptor-mediated activation of heterotrimeric G-proteins in living cells.
Bakers' yeast, a model for fungal biofilm formation.
Glimpses of a tiny RNA world.
Mechanisms of evolution in Rickettsia conorii and R. prowazekii.
Insulators and boundaries: versatile regulatory elements in the eukaryotic genome.
Imprinting and the epigenetic asymmetry between parental genomes.
Telomere position effect in human cells.
ERM is required for transcriptional control of the spermatogonial stem cell niche.
Disruptive coloration and background pattern matching.
Increasing the conductivity of crystalline polymer electrolytes.
Design of effective immunotherapy for human autoimmunity.
The flight paths of honeybees recruited by the waggle dance.
Psychology: red enhances human performance in contests.
Cycles in fossil diversity.
Brevetoxicosis: red tides and marine mammal mortalities.
Methanotrophic symbionts provide carbon for photosynthesis in peat bogs.
Nucleotide-dependent bending flexibility of tubulin regulates microtubule assembly.
Mycobacterial disease and impaired IFN- immunity in humans with inherited ISG15 deficiency.
Single-molecule fluorescence experiments determine protein folding transition path times.
A periciliary brush promotes the lung health by separating the mucus layer from airway epithelia.
Locally synchronized synaptic inputs.
Propagation of slow slip leading up to the 2011 Mw 9.0 Tohoku-Oki earthquake.
Ambient-temperature isolation of a compound with a boron-boron triple bond.
Global network reorganization during dynamic adaptations of Bacillus subtilis metabolism.
Preventing Alzheimer's disease.
A 2D quantum walk simulation of two-particle dynamics.
Jet-launching structure resolved near the supermassive black hole in M87.
Structure of DNMT1-DNA complex reveals a role for autoinhibition in maintenance DNA methylation.
Ribozyme-catalyzed transcription of an active ribozyme.
Paying for ecosystem servicespromise and peril.
Seismic detection of the lunar core.
Microcredit in theory and practice: Using randomized credit scoring for impact evaluation.
Synthesis and structure determination of the hierarchical meso-microporous zeolite ITQ-43.
Asymmetric electrophilic fluorination using an anionic chiral phase-transfer catalyst.
Climate change, keystone predation, and biodiversity loss.
A family of IFN-inducible 65-kD GTPases protects against bacterial infection.
Low-voltage, low-power, organic light-emitting transistors for active matrix displays.
An integrated encyclopedia of DNA elements in the human genome.
An integrated map of genetic variation from 1,092 human genomes.
Comprehensive molecular portraits of human breast tumours.
A roadmap for graphene.
Structure, function and diversity of the healthy human microbiome.
Comprehensive molecular characterization of human colon and rectal cancer.
Human gut microbiome viewed across age and geography.
The genomic and transcriptomic architecture of 2,000 breast tumours reveals novel subgroups.
Landscape of transcription in human cells.
The Cancer Cell Line Encyclopedia enables predictive modelling of anticancer drug sensitivity.
Medicinal strategies in the treatment of obesity.
Global histone acetylation and deacetylation in yeast.
Inhibitory threshold for critical-period activation in primary visual cortex.
Feedback control of intercellular signalling in development.
Dynamic biogeography and conservation of endangered species.
Non-fluorous polymers with very high solubility in supercritical CO 2 down to low pressures.
Hidden symmetries in the energy levels of excitonic 'artificial atoms'.
A stable argon compound.
The protein Aly links pre-messenger-RNA splicing to nuclear export in metazoans.
Single-molecule studies of the effect of template tension on T7 DNA polymerase activity.
Retrograde spins of near-Earth asteroids from the Yarkovsky effect.
Dynamic response of Permian brachiopod communities to long-term environmental change.
Turning the key on p53.
Evolutionary genetics: ambiguous role of CCR5 in Y. pestis infection.
Blood traffic control.
Cell biology: iron thievery.
The geometry of the double-pulsar system J07373039 from systematic intensity variations.
Organic: Is it the future of farming?.
Cell bodies in a cage.
Evolutionary biology: oceans of bacteria.
Imaging dynamics on the F+ H2O HF+ OH potential energy surfaces from wells to barriers.
Using origami design principles to fold reprogrammable mechanical metamaterials.
Envisioning the bioconversion of methane to liquid fuels.
Comment on High-resolution global maps of 21st-century forest cover change.
Caspase-mediated cleavage of phospholipid flippase for apoptotic phosphatidylserine exposure.
Assessing the reliability of calculated catalytic ammonia synthesis rates.
Genomes reveal start of Ebola outbreak.
Integration of growth and patterning during vascular tissue formation in Arabidopsis.
Males shorten the life span of C. elegans hermaphrodites via secreted compounds.
Three crocodilian genomes reveal ancestral patterns of evolution among archosaurs.
Elemental profiles reflect plant adaptations to the environment.
A mitochondrial mystery, solved.
Resolving some old problems in protein crystallography.
Response to comment on the geometric structure of the brain fiber pathways.
A single promoter inversion switches Photorhabdus between pathogenic and mutualistic states.
Bacteria deliver a genotoxic hit.
Photo-tautomerization of acetaldehyde to vinyl alcohol: a potential route to tropospheric acids.
Retaining the nano in nanocrystalline alloys.
Toward an alternative biology.
A Boron-Boron Triple Bond.
Serial time-resolved crystallography of photosystem II using a femtosecond X-ray laser.
Cold dark matter heats up.
Non-cell-autonomous driving of tumour growth supports sub-clonal heterogeneity.
Native structure of photosystem II at 1.95 A resolution viewed by femtosecond X-ray pulses.
Piezo2 is required for Merkel-cell mechanotransduction.
Prefrontal parvalbumin interneurons shape neuronal activity to drive fear expression.
The role of hepatic lipids in hepatic insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes.
SOX2 controls tumour initiation and cancer stem-cell functions in squamous-cell carcinoma.
Juno is the egg Izumo receptor and is essential for mammalian fertilization.
A three-dimensional human neural cell culture model of Alzheimer/'s disease.
Sulfur and chlorine in Late Cretaceous Deccan magmas and eruptive gas release.
Axle-less F1-ATPase rotates in the correct direction.
Outwitting multidrug resistance to antifungals.
Spin conservation accounts for aluminum cluster anion reactivity pattern with O2.
Glia are essential for sensory organ function in C. elegans.
Weaving a web of trust.
Spectroscopic observations of Mercury's surface reflectance during MESSENGER's first Mercury flyby.
Deep drilling into the Chesapeake Bay impact structure.
Frontiers in surface scattering simulations.
Interfacial polygonal nanopatterning of stable microbubbles.
Selection of evolutionarily conserved mucosal-associated invariant T cells by MR1.
Materials: Ultrahard polycrystalline diamond from graphite.
The role of evolution in the emergence of infectious diseases.
First-generation black-hole-forming supernovae and the metal abundance pattern of a very iron-poor star.
Cenozoic climate change as a possible cause for the rise of the Andes.
Group decision-making in animals.
Role of ERas in promoting tumour-like properties in mouse embryonic stem cells.
Impairment of dendritic cells and adaptive immunity by anthrax lethal toxin.
Inheritance of a pre-inactivated paternal X chromosome in early mouse embryos.
Amino-acid cycling drives nitrogen fixation in the legumeRhizobium symbiosis.
Evolutionary biology: genes to make new species.
Plant biology: water gate.
Chemistry: Mirrors in flatland.
Physiology: Cost-free longevity in mice?.
Apartment complex holds clues to pandemic potential of SARS.
Drug companies snub antibiotics as pipeline threatens to run dry.
Conservation biology: mock turtles.
Nitrogen storage (communication arising): UV-B radiation and soil microbial communities.
Cosmology (communication arising): Do black holes constrain varying constants?.
Gene expression: oestrogen receptor hijacked.
Genome transplantation in bacteria: changing one species to another.
Enantioselective organocatalysis using SOMO activation.
A bacterial effector acts as a plant transcription factor and induces a cell size regulator.
The impact of agricultural soil erosion on the global carbon cycle.
Nuclear actin regulates dynamic subcellular localization and activity of the SRF cofactor MAL.
Dynamic visualization of thrombopoiesis within bone marrow.
Genome plasticity a key factor in the success of polyploid wheat under domestication.
Genes required for mitotic spindle assembly in Drosophila S2 cells.
Muscular thin films for building actuators and powering devices.
Revisiting carbon flux through the ocean's twilight zone.
Solar chromospheric spicules from the leakage of photospheric oscillations and flows.
Structural analysis of a eukaryotic sliding DNA clampclamp loader complex.
Conformational change and proteinprotein interactions of the fusion protein of Semliki Forest virus.
Travelling waves in the occurrence of dengue haemorrhagic fever in Thailand.
Genome sequence of Silicibacter pomeroyi reveals adaptations to the marine environment.
Natural and engineered nucleic acids as tools to explore biology.
Baf60c is essential for function of BAF chromatin remodelling complexes in heart development.
A high-intensity highly coherent soft X-ray femtosecond laser seeded by a high harmonic beam.
Structure of the signal recognition particle interacting with the elongation-arrested ribosome.
Modelling how ribavirin improves interferon response rates in hepatitis C virus infection.
Has the microbiota played a critical role in the evolution of the adaptive immune system?.
PRDM9 is a major determinant of meiotic recombination hotspots in humans and mice.
Quantum walks of correlated photons.
The population dynamics and control of tuberculosis.
A global protein kinase and phosphatase interaction network in yeast.
The NLRP3 inflammasome: a sensor for metabolic danger?.
Computational design of an enzyme catalyst for a stereoselective bimolecular Diels-Alder reaction.
In-plane resistivity anisotropy in an underdoped iron arsenide superconductor.
Delay in photoemission.
ATM activation by oxidative stress.
A strong source of methyl chloride to the atmosphere from tropical coastal land.
Statistical physics: Following the crowd.
Pathogenic strategies of enteric bacteria.
Fine-scale heterogeneity in the Earth's inner core.
Body image as a visuomotor transformation device revealed in adaptation to reversed vision.
A motif in the alpha bold beta T-cell receptor controls positive selection by modulating ERK activity.
KIR expression on self-reactive CD8+ T cells is controlled by T-cell receptor engagement.
Materials science: Ti3SiC2 has negligible thermopower.
Apoptosis: gone but not forgotten.
Oceanic respite for wandering albatrosses.
Real-time observation of adsorbate atom motion above a metal surface.
Role of the enteric nervous system in the fluid and electrolyte secretion of rotavirus diarrhea.
Nonbiological fractionation of iron isotopes.
Responses of vomeronasal neurons to natural stimuli.
Movement of retinal along the visual transduction path.
Genomic medicine and the future of health care.
Identification of synergistic signals initiating inner ear development.
High direct estimate of the mutation rate in the mitochondrial genome of Caenorhabditis elegans.
Interdigital regulation of digit identity and homeotic transformation by modulated BMP signaling.
Coherence and conservation.
Spectroscopic determination of the OH solvation shell in the OH(H2O) n clusters.
Catalytic, oxidative condensation of CH4 to CH3COOH in one step via CH activation.
Seismic imaging of the downwelling Indian lithosphere beneath central Tibet.
Feeling the pain of social loss.
Separase regulates INCENP-Aurora B anaphase spindle function through Cdc14.
Is the fragility of a liquid embedded in the properties of its glass?.
Spectroscopic identification of carbonate minerals in the Martian dust.
Polarization-modulated smectic liquid crystal phases.
Ice core evidence for Antarctic sea ice decline since the 1950s.
Ancient tripartite coevolution in the attine ant-microbe symbiosis.
Sub1A is an ethylene-response-factor-like gene that confers submergence tolerance to rice.
ING2 PHD domain links histone H3 lysine 4 methylation to active gene repression.
Methane emissions from terrestrial plants under aerobic conditions.
Landatmosphere coupling and climate change in Europe.
IL-23 promotes tumour incidence and growth.
An RNA gene expressed during cortical development evolved rapidly in humans.
Laser-plasma acceleration of quasi-monoenergetic protons from microstructured targets.
Spontaneous symmetry breaking in a quenched ferromagnetic spinor BoseEinstein condensate.
Increasing p16INK4a expression decreases forebrain progenitors and neurogenesis during ageing.
STED microscopy reveals that synaptotagmin remains clustered after synaptic vesicle exocytosis.
A Middle Triassic stem-turtle and the evolution of the turtle body plan.
Osteichthyan-like cranial conditions in an Early Devonian stem gnathostome.
Sanctions: Interim initiative for health in Iran.
.
CRISPR adaptation biases explain preference for acquisition of foreign DNA.
[C] Interdisciplinary research: Bold alliances aid translational work.
Long-term phenotypic evolution of bacteria.
An alternative pluripotent state confers interspecies chimaeric competency.
Liquid-based gating mechanism with tunable multiphase selectivity and antifouling behaviour.
Higher-than-predicted saltation threshold wind speeds on Titan.
Biodiversity policy challenges.
Signature of the end-Cretaceous mass extinction in the modern biota.
Reconstituting bacterial RNA repair and modification in vitro.
What determines coral health?.
On the elusive twelfth vibrational state of beryllium dimer.
On the origin of the nervous system.
Could they all be prion diseases?.
Invasive species can also be native....
4D nanoscale diffraction observed by convergent-beam ultrafast electron microscopy.
A new family of RhoGEFs activates the Rop molecular switch in plants.
Host immunity and synchronized epidemics of syphilis across the United States.
The structure of the myosin VI motor reveals the mechanism of directionality reversal.
Retinoic acid coordinates somitogenesis and leftright patterning in vertebrate embryos.
Regulation of axon growth in vivo by activity-based competition.
Clathrin is required for the function of the mitotic spindle.
The earliest dromaeosaurid theropod from South America.
Lost and found dark matter in elliptical galaxies.
Water alteration of rocks and soils on Mars at the Spirit rover site in Gusev crater.
Shape coexistence and triaxiality in the superheavy nuclei.
The smart electricity grid and scientific research.
Innovation management; a literature review of innovation process models and their implications.
First-class control of HIV-1.
Explaining bird migration.
Siah regulation of Pard3A controls neuronal cell adhesion during germinal zone exit.
Sickle cell disease at 100 years.
UN biodiversity summit yields welcome and unexpected progress.
Iapetus: Unique surface properties and a global color dichotomy from Cassini imaging.
The transition between real and complex superconducting order parameter phases in UPt3.
Experimental spin ratchet.
Using the Acropora digitifera genome to understand coral responses to environmental change.
Gravity modes as a way to distinguish between hydrogen-and helium-burning red giant stars.
In vivo genome editing restores haemostasis in a mouse model of haemophilia.
A terahertz metamaterial with unnaturally high refractive index.
Bring on the biomarkers.
The genome of Tetranychus urticae reveals herbivorous pest adaptations.
Ecology drives a global network of gene exchange connecting the human microbiome.
Too much of a good thing.
SHARPIN is a component of the NF-[kgr] B-activating linear ubiquitin chain assembly complex.
Adherens junction protein nectin-4 is the epithelial receptor for measles virus.
Atomically precise bottom-up fabrication of graphene nanoribbons.
Functional impact of global rare copy number variation in autism spectrum disorders.
Role of Tet proteins in 5mC to 5hmC conversion, ES-cell self-renewal and inner cell mass specification.
Melanomas acquire resistance to B-RAF (V600E) inhibition by RTK or N-RAS upregulation.
The genetics of ageing.
Shell-isolated nanoparticle-enhanced Raman spectroscopy.
Hundreds of variants clustered in genomic loci and biological pathways affect human height.
NLRP3 inflammasomes are required for atherogenesis and activated by cholesterol crystals.
A comprehensive catalogue of somatic mutations from a human cancer genome.
Spin liquids in frustrated magnets.
Experimental realization of Wheeler's delayed-choice gedanken experiment.
Formation of a nematic fluid at high fields in Sr3Ru2O7.
Structures of the CCR5 N terminus and of a tyrosine-sulfated antibody with HIV-1 gp120 and CD4.
Legumes symbioses: absence of Nod genes in photosynthetic bradyrhizobia.
Deep ultraviolet light-emitting hexagonal boron nitride synthesized at atmospheric pressure.
AAV vector integration sites in mouse hepatocellular carcinoma.
High-speed imaging reveals neurophysiological links to behavior in an animal model of depression.
Large-scale spatial-transmission models of infectious disease.
Enhanced bonding of gold nanoparticles on oxidized TiO2 (110).
A fern that hyperaccumulates arsenic.
The Hedgehog and Wnt signalling pathways in cancer.
Mutations in a member of the ADAMTS gene family cause thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura.
Essential role of the mitochondrial apoptosis-inducing factor in programmed cell death.
Evidence for ubiquitous strong electronphonon coupling in high-temperature superconductors.
Molecular phylogenetics and the origins of placental mammals.
Endogenous cannabinoids mediate retrograde signalling at hippocampal synapses.
Ion-beam sculpting at nanometre length scales.
Recent patterns and mechanisms of carbon exchange by terrestrial ecosystems.
Mal (MyD88-adapter-like) is required for Toll-like receptor-4 signal transduction.
ANP32E is a histone chaperone that removes H2A. Z from chromatin.
RecA bundles mediate homology pairing between distant sisters during DNA break repair.
Rapid and tunable post-translational coupling of genetic circuits.
Structural basis of the non-coding RNA RsmZ acting as a protein sponge.
X-ray structures of GluCl in apo states reveal a gating mechanism of Cys-loop receptors.
Cooperating with the future.
Sphingolipid lysosomal storage disorders.
Convective forcing of mercury and ozone in the Arctic boundary layer induced by leads in sea ice.
Biochemical reconstitution of topological DNA binding by the cohesin ring.
Optimization of lag time underlies antibiotic tolerance in evolved bacterial populations.
ZEITLUPE is a circadian photoreceptor stabilized by GIGANTEA in blue light.
Clathrate nanostructures for mass spectrometry.
Chromosomally unstable mouse tumours have genomic alterations similar to diverse human cancers.
Cadherin 23 and protocadherin 15 interact to form tip-link filaments in sensory hair cells.
Engraftment of connexin 43-expressing cells prevents post-infarct arrhythmia.
In vivo imaging of germinal centres reveals a dynamic open structure.
Structural basis for AMP binding to mammalian AMP-activated protein kinase.
Drosophila miR2 induces pseudo-polysomes and inhibits translation initiation.
Akt/PKB regulates hepatic metabolism by directly inhibiting PGC-1&agr; transcription coactivator.
Non-volcanic tremor and low-frequency earthquake swarms.
Highly crystalline multimetallic nanoframes with three-dimensional electrocatalytic surfaces.
Ultrafast long-range charge separation in organic semiconductor photovoltaic diodes.
Charge order driven by Fermi-arc instability in Bi2Sr2 xLaxCuO6+ .
Methane leaks from North American natural gas systems.
Mutational analysis reveals the origin and therapy-driven evolution of recurrent glioma.
Nanoporous BiVO4 photoanodes with dual-layer oxygen evolution catalysts for solar water splitting.
Ubiquitous interplay between charge ordering and high-temperature superconductivity in cuprates.
Structures of Cas9 endonucleases reveal RNA-mediated conformational activation.
Solar synthesis: prospects in visible light photocatalysis.
Lignin valorization: improving lignin processing in the biorefinery.
A career's twisting road.
Quantum harmonic oscillator state synthesis by reservoir engineering.
Leadership Training for Early Career Researchers.
Selective assemblies of giant tetrahedra via precisely controlled positional interactions.
The mutagenic chain reaction: A method for converting heterozygous to homozygous mutations.
Smoking is associated with mosaic loss of chromosome Y.
Quasiparticle mass enhancement approaching optimal doping in a high-Tc superconductor.
Making sense of amino acid sensing.
The structure of the dynactin complex and its interaction with dynein.
Killing, sex, and gene swaps in bacteria.
GBP5 promotes NLRP3 inflammasome assembly and immunity in mammals.
Integrated electromicrobial conversion of CO2 to higher alcohols.
Tug-of-war in motor protein ensembles revealed with a programmable DNA origami scaffold.
Acute gastrointestinal infection induces long-lived microbiota-specific T cell responses.
Vitamin K2 is a mitochondrial electron carrier that rescues pink1 deficiency.
The alarmin interleukin-33 drives protective antiviral CD8+ T cell responses.
The aftermath of megafaunal extinction: ecosystem transformation in Pleistocene Australia.
Extreme bendability of DNA less than 100 base pairs long revealed by single-molecule cyclization.
Exceptional activity for methane combustion over modular Pd@ CeO2 subunits on functionalized Al2O3.
A decade of imaging cellular motility and interaction dynamics in the immune system.
Cell biology: the beginning of the end.
Water vapour absorption in the clear atmosphere of a Neptune-sized exoplanet.
Luminal signalling links cell communication to tissue architecture during organogenesis.
Structure of a mammalian ryanodine receptor.
Inhibition of cell expansion by rapid ABP1-mediated auxin effect on microtubules.
Increasing subtropical North Pacific Ocean nitrogen fixation since the Little Ice Age.
Topoisomerase II mediates meiotic crossover interference.
Attenuated sensing of SHH by Ptch1 underlies evolution of bovine limbs.
Tumour-infiltrating Gr-1+ myeloid cells antagonize senescence in cancer.
Centennial-scale changes in the global carbon cycle during the last deglaciation.
Hexokinase, jack-of-all-trades.
Comment on" A new species of yunnanozoan with implications for deuterostome evolution".
Developing a platform for genomic medicine in Mexico.
Science as a way of life: perplexities of a physician-scientist.
Climate change: the political situation.
Modulating mutation rates in the wild.
China's missed chance.
Shades of confidence in the assignment of peroxide structure..
Building Solutions--One Molecule at a Time.
Teaching in a research context.
An arbuscular mycorrhizal fungus accelerates decomposition and acquires nitrogen directly from organic material.
Non-thermal melting in semiconductors measured at femtosecond resolution.
Cancer genetics.
The end of world population growth.
Magnetic carbon.
Kinesin-mediated axonal transport of a membrane compartment containing -secretase and presenilin-1 requires APP.
HIV chemotherapy.
Sustainability of three apple production systems.
Inhibitory PAS domain protein is a negative regulator of hypoxia-inducible gene expression.
Evolution of cooperation without reciprocity.
Restoration of degraded tropical forest landscapes.
Inferences of competence from faces predict election outcomes.
Computational improvements reveal great bacterial diversity and high metal toxicity in soil.
Toll-like receptor 8-mediated reversal of CD4+ regulatory T cell function.
Trading water for carbon with biological carbon sequestration.
Atlantic Ocean forcing of North American and European summer climate.
Prostaglandin E2 promotes colon cancer cell growth through a Gs-axin--catenin signaling axis.
Plant circadian clocks increase photosynthesis, growth, survival, and competitive advantage.
Extracting a climate signal from 169 glacier records.
Structure of a V3-containing HIV-1 gp120 core.
Submillimeter evidence for the coeval growth of massive black holes and galaxy bulges.
A near-Earth asteroid population estimate from the LINEAR survey.
The other global pollutant: nitrogen proves tough to curb.
(Amino)(aryl) carbenes: Stable singlet carbenes featuring a spectator substituent.
TCR-induced transmembrane signaling by peptide/MHC class II via associated Ig-/ dimers.
Microscopic structure of the metal-insulator transition in two dimensions.
The face of controversy.
A giant sauropod dinosaur from an Upper Cretaceous mangrove deposit in Egypt.
A phosphatocopid crustacean with appendages from the Lower Cambrian.
Conversion of a peroxiredoxin into a disulfide reductase by a triplet repeat expansion.
Predictive identification of exonic splicing enhancers in human genes.
Beta-diversity in tropical forest trees.
Two-photon imaging of lymphocyte motility and antigen response in intact lymph node.
Marine biodiversity hotspots and conservation priorities for tropical reefs.
Toll-like receptor 4-dependent activation of dendritic cells by -defensin 2.
Ordering of quantum dots using genetically engineered viruses.
Potential regulatory function of human dendritic cells expressing indoleamine 2, 3-dioxygenase.
A thermally re-mendable cross-linked polymeric material.
Equilibrium information from nonequilibrium measurements in an experimental test of Jarzynski's equality.
Tumor regression by targeted gene delivery to the neovasculature.
Structure and molecular mechanism of a nucleobasecationsymport-1 family transporter.
Microbial biogeography: from taxonomy to traits.
Effects of predator hunting mode on grassland ecosystem function.
The urban transformation of the developing world.
Dendritic cell-induced memory T cell activation in nonlymphoid tissues.
Transgenic inhibition of synaptic transmission reveals role of CA3 output in hippocampal learning.
Serotonin modulates behavioral reactions to unfairness.
Tryptophan-accelerated electron flow through proteins.
Ubiquity of biological ice nucleators in snowfall.
Profiling essential genes in human mammary cells by multiplex RNAi screening.
Synthesis, assembly and applications of semiconductor nanomembranes.
Aberrant lipid metabolism disrupts calcium homeostasis causing liver endoplasmic reticulum stress in obesity.
Circadian rhythms persist without transcription in a eukaryote.
Tuning charge transport in solution-sheared organic semiconductors using lattice strain.
Intravenous delivery of a multi-mechanistic cancer-targeted oncolytic poxvirus in humans.
Unbound or distant planetary mass population detected by gravitational microlensing.
A cis-regulatory map of the Drosophila genome.
Caspase-8 regulates TNF-[agr]-induced epithelial necroptosis and terminal ileitis.
Excitatory transmission from the amygdala to nucleus accumbens facilitates reward seeking.
SHARPIN forms a linear ubiquitin ligase complex regulating NF-[kgr] B activity and apoptosis.
Programmable nanowire circuits for nanoprocessors.
Inactivating mutations of acetyltransferase genes in B-cell lymphoma.
Dynamic molecular processes mediate cellular mechanotransduction.
Corridors of migrating neurons in the human brain and their decline during infancy.
Distinct stem cells contribute to mammary gland development and maintenance.
Linear ubiquitination prevents inflammation and regulates immune signalling.
HIV-1 restriction factor SAMHD1 is a deoxynucleoside triphosphate triphosphohydrolase.
Perpendicular switching of a single ferromagnetic layer induced by in-plane current injection.
The wMel Wolbachia strain blocks dengue and invades caged Aedes aegypti populations.
Targeted gene correction of [agr] 1-antitrypsin deficiency in induced pluripotent stem cells.
Acclimatization of soil respiration to warming in a tall grass prairie.
Synchronization and rhythmic processes in physiology.
High-Tc superconducting materials for electric power applications.
Strongly linked current flow in polycrystalline forms of the superconductor MgB2.
New drug targets for type 2 diabetes and the metabolic syndrome.
Auxin regulates SCFTIR1-dependent degradation of AUX/IAA proteins.
Rapid responses of British butterflies to opposing forces of climate and habitat change.
Microscopic electronic inhomogeneity in the high-Tc superconductor Bi2Sr2CaCu2O8&plus; x.
Rb targets histone H3 methylation and HP1 to promoters.
The bacteriophage &phis; 29 portal motor can package DNA against a large internal force.
Cancer: an inflammatory link.
Iron and phosphorus co-limit nitrogen fixation in the eastern tropical North Atlantic.
The limits to tree height.
Bcl10 activates the NF-B pathway through ubiquitination of NEMO.
Continuous generation of single photons with controlled waveform in an ion-trap cavity system.
Ecosystem carbon storage in arctic tundra reduced by long-term nutrient fertilization.
Cooperation and competition in pathogenic bacteria.
Materials science: Lead-free at last.
Bmi1 is essential for cerebellar development and is overexpressed in human medulloblastomas.
A fast low-power optical memory based on coupled micro-ring lasers.
Uninformed individuals promote democratic consensus in animal groups.
Ordered and dynamic assembly of single spliceosomes.
Single-cell genomics reveals organismal interactions in uncultivated marine protists.
Climate sensitivity estimated from temperature reconstructions of the Last Glacial Maximum.
Linking context with reward: a functional circuit from hippocampal CA3 to ventral tegmental area.
Social network size affects neural circuits in macaques.
Fear erasure in mice requires synergy between antidepressant drugs and extinction training.
Arabidopsis EDS1 connects pathogen effector recognition to cell compartmentspecific immune responses.
Scale for the phase diagram of quantum chromodynamics.
The electron-pairing mechanism of iron-based superconductors.
Sleep, learning, and dreams: off-line memory reprocessing.
Transitions in distinct histone H3 methylation patterns at the heterochromatin domain boundaries.
Surface-directed liquid flow inside microchannels.
The neurobiology of slow synaptic transmission.
Energy gaps in" metallic" single-walled carbon nanotubes.
Negative regulation of neural stem/progenitor cell proliferation by the Pten tumor suppressor gene in vivo.
Variability in the El Nio-Southern Oscillation through a glacial-interglacial cycle.
Neutral macroecology.
Continuous fatty acid oxidation and reduced fat storage in mice lacking acetyl-CoA carboxylase 2.
Real-space imaging of nucleation and growth in colloidal crystallization.
Small RNAs in transcriptional gene silencing and genome defence.
The effect of permafrost thaw on old carbon release and net carbon exchange from tundra.
Two types of dopamine neuron distinctly convey positive and negative motivational signals.
Synthesizing arbitrary quantum states in a superconducting resonator.
On the road to reading the RNA-interference code.
Mutations of multiple genes cause deregulation of NF-&kgr; B in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma.
Broad diversity of neutralizing antibodies isolated from memory B cells in HIV-infected individuals.
Modelling West Antarctic ice sheet growth and collapse through the past five million years.
Observation of strong coupling between a micromechanical resonator and an optical cavity field.
[C] Climate effects on mountain plants.
Monkey virus link to cancer grows stronger.
A synchrotron look at steel.
Breakthrough of the year.
Tree-ring chronologies and climate variability.
Catalysts rise to the challenge.
From the modern synthesis to Lysenkoism, and back?.
Corals, chemistry, and climate.
From reactive intermediates to stable compounds.
The mosquito genome--a breakthrough for public health.
Robotic laboratory automation.
Global genetic analysis in mice unveils central role for cilia in congenital heart disease.
Cryo-electron microscopy structure of the Slo2. 2 Na+-activated K+ channel.
Statistical analysis of iron geochemical data suggests limited late Proterozoic oxygenation.
Q&A: The global view.
SCIENCE ON THE MAP.
 .
Pharmacogenomics in the clinic.
Long-range energy transport in single supramolecular nanofibres at room temperature.
Disaster responses: More than 70 ways to show resilience.
Technology: Barriers to misuse.
Lateral relocation of auxin efflux regulator PIN3 mediates tropism in Arabidopsis.
Control, exploitation and tolerance of intracellular noise.
Hsp90 as a capacitor of phenotypic variation.
Towards robust regional estimates of CO2 sources and sinks using atmospheric transport models.
An amino-acid taste receptor.
Comparison of the genomes of two Xanthomonas pathogens with differing host specificities.
Measurement of the conductance of a hydrogen molecule.
A new hominid from the Upper Miocene of Chad, Central Africa.
Killing activity of neutrophils is mediated through activation of proteases by K&plus; flux.
A star in a 15.2-year orbit around the supermassive black hole at the centre of the Milky Way.
Developmental control of the melanocortin-4 receptor by MRAP2 proteins in zebrafish.
KNOX2 genes regulate the haploid-to-diploid morphological transition in land plants.
Nanoscale atoms in solid-state chemistry.
The helicase-like domains of type III restriction enzymes trigger long-range diffusion along DNA.
The biological underpinnings of Namib Desert fairy circles.
Following gene duplication, paralog interference constrains transcriptional circuit evolution.
Global change and mercury.
Networks of bZIP protein-protein interactions diversified over a billion years of evolution.
Predispositions and plasticity in music and speech learning: neural correlates and implications.
Archaeal (per) chlorate reduction at high temperature: an interplay of biotic and abiotic reactions.
Thickness and Clapeyron slope of the post-perovskite boundary.
Resonant stripping as the origin of dwarf spheroidal galaxies.
Cdc14 inhibits transcription by RNA polymerase I during anaphase.
Progressive mixing of meteoritic veneer into the early Earth's deep mantle.
Irreversibility of mitotic exit is the consequence of systems-level feedback.
Shallow fault-zone dilatancy recovery after the 2003 Bam earthquake in Iran.
Stability against freezing of aqueous solutions on early Mars.
Exceptional structured noncoding RNAs revealed by bacterial metagenome analysis.
Phase-locking and environmental fluctuations generate synchrony in a predatorprey community.
A secreted complement-control-related protein ensures acetylcholine receptor clustering.
Simple eigenvalues of graphs and digraphs.
Critical segments in the dissemination and transmission of Salmonella species from poultry production in Calabar, Nigeria.
New Horizons Mission To Pluto/Charon: Reducing Costs Of A Long-Duration Mission.
1, SC, 1991. Mid-ocean ridges: discontinuities, segments and giant cracks.
Exercise Practice Among Women Attending Antenatal Care at the University Teaching Hospital in Lusaka, Zambia.
Myths and Effects of Rape on Male Victicms.
Evaluating the safety of herbal medicines: Integrated toxicological approaches.
A disinhibitory microcircuit initiates critical-period plasticity in the visual cortex.
A micrometre-scale Raman silicon laser with a microwatt threshold.
Metabolic control of adult neural stem cell activity by Fasn-dependent lipogenesis.
PAAR-repeat proteins sharpen and diversify the type VI secretion system spike.
Activity-dependent phosphorylation of MeCP2 threonine 308 regulates interaction with NCoR.
Three-dimensional imaging of localized surface plasmon resonances of metal nanoparticles.
Fisheries: Does catch reflect abundance?.
Podoplanin maintains high endothelial venule integrity by interacting with platelet CLEC-2.
Nonsense mutation in the LGR4 gene is associated with several human diseases and other traits.
Genome-wide signatures of convergent evolution in echolocating mammals.
Physiological regulation of the immunological synapse by agrin.
Collisions and gravitational reaccumulation: Forming asteroid families and satellites.
Backward spreading of memory-retrieval signal in the primate temporal cortex.
Virus maturation involving large subunit rotations and local refolding.
Toward functional spintronics.
Nitrogen fixation by symbiotic and free-living spirochetes.
Trithorax and dCBP acting in a complex to maintain expression of a homeotic gene.
Recent origin of Plasmodium falciparum from a single progenitor.
Lack of acrosome formation in Hrb-deficient mice.
5'-Deoxyribose Phosphate Lyase Activity of Human DNA Polymerase  in Vitro.
Crystal structure of an H/ACA box ribonucleoprotein particle.
A glossary for stem-cell biology.
The southern ocean biogeochemical divide.
A common mass scaling for satellite systems of gaseous planets.
Oceanic biology: spawning of eels near a seamount.
Botulinum neurotoxin B recognizes its protein receptor with high affinity and specificity.
Detection of Earth-like planets around nearby stars using a petal-shaped occulter.
Nutrient regulates Tor1 nuclear localization and association with rDNA promoter.
Seismic waves increase permeability.
Single-mode heat conduction by photons.
Seasonal flows on warm Martian slopes.
Time-resolved holography with photoelectrons.
Herschel detects a massive dust reservoir in supernova 1987A.
The Hedgehog pathway promotes blood-brain barrier integrity and CNS immune quiescence.
The challenge of unconventional superconductivity.
Bacteria-phage antagonistic coevolution in soil.
Functional links between A toxicity, endocytic trafficking, and Alzheimer's disease risk factors in yeast.
Enhancing hydrogen evolution activity in water splitting by tailoring Li+-Ni (OH) 2-Pt interfaces.
Natural microbe-mediated refractoriness to Plasmodium infection in Anopheles gambiae.
The major-element composition of Mercury's surface from MESSENGER X-ray spectrometry.
Direct splitting of water under visible light irradiation with an oxide semiconductor photocatalyst.
Finer features for functional microdevices.
Water conduction through the hydrophobic channel of a carbon nanotube.
Molecular mechanisms of nociception.
Crystal structure of photosystem II from Synechococcus elongatus at 3.8  resolution.
Three-dimensional structure of cyanobacterial photosystem I at 2.5  resolution.
Genome sequence of enterohaemorrhagic Escherichia coli O157: H7.
Autonomic healing of polymer composites.
Neurogenesis in the adult is involved in the formation of trace memories.
Industrial biocatalysis today and tomorrow.
Titin mutations in iPS cells define sarcomere insufficiency as a cause of dilated cardiomyopathy.
Semiconductor double quantum dot micromaser.
A nearquantum-limited Josephson traveling-wave parametric amplifier.
Female genital cutting is not a social coordination norm.
A detailed look at proteasomes in situ.
Middle Miocene closure of the Central American Seaway.
Regulated assembly of a supramolecular centrosome scaffold in vitro.
Chirality density wave of the hidden order phase in URu2Si2.
Present-day impact cratering rate and contemporary gully activity on Mars.
B cell ligand discrimination through a spreading and contraction response.
Structure of the multidrug transporter EmrD from Escherichia coli.
Bidirectional counting of single electrons.
Ultrafast laser-driven microlens to focus and energy-select mega-electron volt protons.
Coherent control of retinal isomerization in bacteriorhodopsin.
An alternative bactericidal mechanism of action for lantibiotic peptides that target lipid II.
Biologically based computational models of high-level cognition.
Aneuploidy and isochromosome formation in drug-resistant Candida albicans.
Imaging the Mott insulator shells by using atomic clock shifts.
RAF inhibitors prime wild-type RAF to activate the MAPK pathway and enhance growth.
Genome sequencing and analysis of the model grass Brachypodium distachyon.
Selective inhibition of BET bromodomains.
Nuocytes represent a new innate effector leukocyte that mediates type-2 immunity.
A small-cell lung cancer genome with complex signatures of tobacco exposure.
Genome remodelling in a basal-like breast cancer metastasis and xenograft.
Genetic history of an archaic hominin group from Denisova Cave in Siberia.
Single-atom-resolved fluorescence imaging of an atomic Mott insulator.
Expansion of the eukaryotic proteome by alternative splicing.
Microbial production of fatty-acid-derived fuels and chemicals from plant biomass.
[C] Switch to corn promotes Amazon deforestation.
A plan to capture human diversity in 1000 genomes.
Understanding reactivity at very low temperatures: The reactions of oxygen atoms with alkenes.
Athabasca Valles, Mars: A lava-draped channel system.
Small-scale jetlike features in penumbral chromospheres.
Discovery of till deposition at the grounding line of Whillans Ice Stream.
Seawater chemistry and early carbonate biomineralization.
Ecological speciation in South Atlantic island finches.
Sacred barriers to conflict resolution.
Functional architecture and evolution of transcriptional elements that drive gene coexpression.
Structural basis of pre-mRNA splicing.
Effect of predicted protein-truncating genetic variants on the human transcriptome.
Light with twist and structure.
Glacial cycles drive variations in the production of oceanic crust.
A sustainable model for antibiotics.
Spatially structured photons that travel in free space slower than the speed of light.
Phosphorylation of innate immune adaptor proteins MAVS, STING, and TRIF induces IRF3 activation.
Neutrophil trails guide influenza-specific CD8+ T cells in the airways.
Scalable T2 resistivity in a small single-component Fermi surface.
Antimicrobial peptide resistance mediates resilience of prominent gut commensals during inflammation.
Germ cell-intrinsic and-extrinsic factors govern meiotic initiation in mouse embryos.
Adenovirus small e1a alters global patterns of histone modification.
Random tiling and topological defects in a two-dimensional molecular network.
Centromeric Aurora-B activation requires TD-60, microtubules, and substrate priming phosphorylation.
A mosaic of chemical coevolution in a large blue butterfly.
Comparison of comet 81P/Wild 2 dust with interplanetary dust from comets.
Identification of SLEEPLESS, a sleep-promoting factor.
Return to Mercury: a global perspective on MESSENGER's first Mercury flyby.
Grueneberg ganglion cells mediate alarm pheromone detection in mice.
4D imaging of transient structures and morphologies in ultrafast electron microscopy.
Quantum mechanical actuation of microelectromechanical systems by the Casimir force.
An iron-regulated ferric reductase associated with the absorption of dietary iron.
Computer networks as social networks.
Metabolic regulation of brain A by neprilysin.
A role for the RNase III enzyme DCR-1 in RNA interference and germ line development in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Consistent land-and atmosphere-based US carbon sink estimates.
The role of sleep in learning and memory.
Role of T-bet in commitment of TH1 cells before IL-12-dependent selection.
Phosphatidic acid-mediated mitogenic activation of mTOR signaling.
X-ray pulses approaching the attosecond frontier.
Pathogenic LRRK2 negatively regulates microRNA-mediated translational repression.
Chimpanzee and human Y chromosomes are remarkably divergent in structure and gene content.
A change in the optical polarization associated with a &ggr;-ray flare in the blazar 3C 279.
Aneuploidy confers quantitative proteome changes and phenotypic variation in budding yeast.
Fine-scale recombination rate differences between sexes, populations and individuals.
Striatal microRNA controls cocaine intake through CREB signalling.
Ultrathin compound semiconductor on insulator layers for high-performance nanoscale transistors.
Dominant control of the South Asian monsoon by orographic insulation versus plateau heating.
Extrinsic regulation of pluripotent stem cells.
Structural mechanism of C-type inactivation in K+ channels.
A gene necessary for reproductive suppression in termites.
Abiotic gas formation drives nitrogen loss from a desert ecosystem.
Regiodivergent ring opening of chiral aziridines.
-Thalassemia treatment succeeds, with a caveat.
Phase transitions, melting dynamics, and solid-state diffusion in a nano test tube.
Direct observations of interstellar H, He, and O by the Interstellar Boundary Explorer.
Helium-3 shortage could put freeze on low-temperature research.
Response to Comment on" Atmospheric Hydroxyl Radical Production from Electronically Excited NO2 and H2O".
Species invasions and the limits to restoration: learning from the New Zealand experience.
Clean the air, heat the planet?.
Spatial control of actin organization at adherens junctions by a synaptotagmin-like protein.
Molecular spectroscopy: Complexity of excited-state dynamics in DNA.
Crystal structures of catalytic complexes of the oxidative DNA/RNA repair enzyme AlkB.
Quantum engineering: An atom-sorting machine.
Collinear activation of Hoxb genes during gastrulation is linked to mesoderm cell ingression.
Isolation of a novel acidiphilic methanogen from an acidic peat bog.
Evidence that mechanisms of fin development evolved in the midline of early vertebrates.
Enzymatic activation of voltage-gated potassium channels.
Sperm storage induces an immunity cost in ants.
A Cretaceous terrestrial snake with robust hindlimbs and a sacrum.
Bright X-ray flares in gamma-ray burst afterglows.
Patterning and plasticity of the cerebral cortex.
Microsatellite instability generates diversity in brain and sociobehavioral traits.
Heat capacity of a strongly interacting Fermi gas.
Influence of the Atlantic subpolar gyre on the thermohaline circulation.
Neurogenesis in the hypothalamus of adult mice: potential role in energy balance.
Atomic-scale sources and mechanism of nanoscale electronic disorder in Bi2Sr2CaCu2O8+ .
Stimulus specificity of gene expression programs determined by temporal control of IKK activity.
Ammonia synthesis from first-principles calculations.
A systems model of signaling identifies a molecular basis set for cytokine-induced apoptosis.
Subtractive patterning via chemical lift-off lithography.
Apatite 4He/3He and (U-Th)/He evidence for an ancient Grand Canyon.
Ecological context influences epidemic size and parasite-driven evolution.
Evolutionarily assembled cis-regulatory module at a human ciliopathy locus.
Biodiversity and ecosystem function.
Genetic events that shape the cancer epigenome.
Surveillance of animal influenza for pandemic preparedness.
Response to Comments on Phonemic Diversity Supports a Serial Founder Effect Model of Language Expansion from Africa.
Avoiding empty ocean commitments at Rio+ 20.
Late accretion on the earliest planetesimals revealed by the highly siderophile elements.
The deep ocean during the last interglacial period.
New horizons mapping of Europa and Ganymede.
[C] Cultural modeling in real time.
In situ determination of the nanoscale chemistry and behavior of solid-liquid systems.
Crisis in Earth observation.
Haploid females in the parasitic wasp Nasonia vitripennis.
Density of Mars' south polar layered deposits.
The looming oil crisis could arrive uncomfortably soon.
High shear strain of olivine aggregates: rheological and seismic consequences.
Response of Schwann cells to action potentials in development.
Communication through a diffusive medium: Coherence and capacity.
Interoperability of biodiversity databases: biodiversity information on every desktop.
Reaction of plutonium dioxide with water: formation and properties of PuO2+ x.
Overpressure and fluid flow in the New Jersey continental slope: implications for slope failure and cold seeps.
The calcium entry pas de deux.
Deleterious mutations and the evolution of sex.
The role of the Southern Ocean in uptake and storage of anthropogenic carbon dioxide.
A brief history of Drosophila's contributions to genome research.
Water structural transformation at molecular hydrophobic interfaces.
Outgrowth of single oncogene-expressing cells from suppressive epithelial environments.
Biophysical mechanism of T-cell receptor triggering in a reconstituted system.
Deregulated MYC expression induces dependence upon AMPK-related kinase 5.
Small-molecule inhibitors of the AAA+ ATPase motor cytoplasmic dynein.
Unexpected features of Drosophila circadian behavioural rhythms under natural conditions.
Tunable ion-photon entanglement in an optical cavity.
A map of visual space in the primate entorhinal cortex.
Aberrant light directly impairs mood and learning through melanopsin-expressing neurons.
Experimental demonstration of topological error correction.
Nanotechnology: Molecular transistors scrutinized.
Time to turn off the lights.
Cutting off cancer's supply lines.
For cancer, seek and destroy or live and let live?.
The dawn of the particle astronomy era in ultra-high-energy cosmic rays.
Malaria: Evolution in vector control.
Let's celebrate human genetic diversity.
Early Earth: oxygen for heavy-metal fans.
[C] Exome sequencing takes centre stage in cancer profiling..
[C] Neuroscience: Making connections..
Pluripotent stem cells induced from adult neural stem cells by reprogramming with two factors.
A susceptibility locus for lung cancer maps to nicotinic acetylcholine receptor subunit genes on 15q25.
Crucial role for the Nalp3 inflammasome in the immunostimulatory properties of aluminium adjuvants.
Rare chromosomal deletions and duplications increase risk of schizophrenia.
Anderson localization of a non-interacting BoseEinstein condensate.
The advent and development of organocatalysis.
High-resolution carbon dioxide concentration record 650,000800,000 years before present.
Mapping and sequencing of structural variation from eight human genomes.
SMAD proteins control DROSHA-mediated microRNA maturation.
The amphioxus genome and the evolution of the chordate karyotype.
Charge self-regulation upon changing the oxidation state of transition metals in insulators.
A role for Rhesus factor Rhcg in renal ammonium excretion and male fertility.
The replisome uses mRNA as a primer after colliding with RNA polymerase.
Condensed-matter physics: Optical lattices.
Identification of the sex genes in an early diverged fungus.
Subtropical to boreal convergence of tree-leaf temperatures.
Synergistic response to oncogenic mutations defines gene class critical to cancer phenotype.
Snowball Earth termination by destabilization of equatorial permafrost methane clathrate.
A great earthquake doublet and seismic stress transfer cycle in the central Kuril islands.
Eukaryotic initiation factor 6 is rate-limiting in translation, growth and transformation.
High rate of inbreeding in Spanish universities.
Palaeontology: The beaks of ostrich dinosaurs.
Nanotechnology: molecules join the assembly line.
Thinning of the ice sheet in northwest Greenland over the past forty years.
Nonlinear physics: Dj vu in optics.
Superconductivity: Iron cast in exotic role.
Animal behaviour: Benefits of female mimicry in snakes.
Pasteur's Quadrant and malnutrition.
African elephants and contraception.
Peers under pressure.
Oxytocin, vasopressin, and the neurogenetics of sociality.
Recognition dynamics up to microseconds revealed from an RDC-derived ubiquitin ensemble in solution.
recaptcha: Human-based character recognition via web security measures.
Ceramide triggers budding of exosome vesicles into multivesicular endosomes.
De novo computational design of retro-aldol enzymes.
Experiencing physical warmth promotes interpersonal warmth.
Flood or drought: how do aerosols affect precipitation?.
Gate-variable optical transitions in graphene.
Proliferating cells express mRNAs with shortened 3'untranslated regions and fewer microRNA target sites.
The chemical genomic portrait of yeast: uncovering a phenotype for all genes.
LRG1 promotes angiogenesis by modulating endothelial TGF-[bgr] signalling.
Targeting Plasmodium PI (4) K to eliminate malaria.
High-resolution analysis with novel cell-surface markers identifies routes to iPS cells.
The rapid assembly of an elliptical galaxy of 400 billion solar masses at a redshift of 2.3.
A diurnal serum lipid integrates hepatic lipogenesis and peripheral fatty acid use.
Temporal patterning of Drosophila medulla neuroblasts controls neural fates.
Non-redundant coding of aversive odours in the main olfactory pathway.
Integrin-modulating therapy prevents fibrosis and autoimmunity in mouse models of scleroderma.
Multiple phases of chondrocyte enlargement underlie differences in skeletal proportions.
The maize G [agr] gene COMPACT PLANT2 functions in CLAVATA signalling to control shoot meristem size.
Broad and potent neutralizing antibodies from an African donor reveal a new HIV-1 vaccine target.
Breaking the code of DNA binding specificity of TAL-type III effectors.
Development of a second-generation antiandrogen for treatment of advanced prostate cancer.
The extracellular matrix: not just pretty fibrils.
Drug discovery and natural products: end of an era or an endless frontier?.
Genome-wide analysis in vivo of translation with nucleotide resolution using ribosome profiling.
Membrane fusion: grappling with SNARE and SM proteins.
Broadband ground-plane cloak.
Fire in the Earth system.
Abscisic acid inhibits type 2C protein phosphatases via the PYR/PYL family of START proteins.
Molecular correlates of primate nuclear transfer failures.
Single-neuron activity and tissue oxygenation in the cerebral cortex.
Mothers' transitions from welfare to work and the well-being of preschoolers and adolescents.
Abnormal coronary function in mice deficient in 1H T-type Ca2+ channels.
Observation of two distinct superconducting phases in CeCu2Si2.
Diverse psychotomimetics act through a common signaling pathway.
Inhibition of neuroepithelial patched-induced apoptosis by sonic hedgehog.
Looking backward to move forward: early detection of neurodegenerative disorders.
Reprogramming control of an allosteric signaling switch through modular recombination.
Phosphorus limitation of coastal ecosystem processes.
Outer planets: Origins of atmospheric zonal winds.
Health research: Tapping the power of small institutions.
Autoimmunity: A case of mistaken identity.
Stem-cell research.
Evolutionary biology (communication arising): Why do birds engage in extra-pair copulation?.
Linguistics: trees of life and of language.
Planetary science: Mission to Earth's corea modest proposal.
Archaeology: The coast road.
Palaeontology: a fly in the biogeographic ointment.
Climate change: The oresmen.
Masquerade: camouflage without crypsis.
Mutations in DCC cause congenital mirror movements.
Focal lesions of human hippocampal CA1 neurons in transient global amnesia impair place memory.
Early chordate origins of the vertebrate second heart field.
Dynamical response of the tropical Pacific Ocean to solar forcing during the early Holocene.
Major galaxy mergers and the growth of supermassive black holes in quasars.
Reactivation of hepatic EPO synthesis in mice after PHD loss.
Tuning the dimensionality of the heavy fermion compound CeIn3.
Tetrathiomolybdate inhibits copper trafficking proteins through metal cluster formation.
The LCROSS cratering experiment.
Wireless capsule endoscopy.
Towards a molecular understanding of adaptive thermogenesis.
The DNA sequence of human chromosome 21.
High mobility of proteins in the mammalian cell nucleus.
Persistence of Mycobacterium tuberculosis in macrophages and mice requires the glyoxylate shunt enzyme isocitrate lyase.
Interleukin 21 and its receptor are involved in NK cell expansion and regulation of lymphocyte function.
A ubiquitin-like system mediates protein lipidation.
Effects of oncogenic mutations in Smoothened and Patched can be reversed by cyclopamine.
Nicastrin modulates presenilin-mediated notch/glp-1 signal transduction and APP processing.
Structural basis of glutamate recognition by a dimeric metabotropic glutamate receptor.
Detection of the characteristic pion-decay signature in supernova remnants.
Proton structure from the measurement of 2S-2P transition frequencies of muonic hydrogen.
Impact of shale gas development on regional water quality.
Evidence for a common mechanism of SIRT1 regulation by allosteric activators.
PINK1-phosphorylated mitofusin 2 is a Parkin receptor for culling damaged mitochondria.
The long-term stability of the human gut microbiota.
Living crystals of light-activated colloidal surfers.
Direct observations of atmospheric aerosol nucleation.
Variable clonal repopulation dynamics influence chemotherapy response in colorectal cancer.
Epigenetic reprogramming in cancer.
A -defensin mutation causes black coat color in domestic dogs.
Large longitude libration of Mercury reveals a molten core.
Asymmetry in the structure of the ABC transporter-binding protein complex BtuCD-BtuF.
Histone replacement marks the boundaries of cis-regulatory domains.
Structure of the prefusion form of the vesicular stomatitis virus glycoprotein G.
Land-use allocation protects the Peruvian Amazon.
Scleractinian coral species survive and recover from decalcification.
Preparing to capture carbon.
Functional quantum nodes for entanglement distribution over scalable quantum networks.
[C] NOAA/ESRL/GMD-Photo Gallery-south pole station-Sauna construction.
Cheng et a.
Indian Journal Marks Golden Jubilee with International Conference.
Reduced expression of Dicer associated with poor prognosis in lung cancer patients.
Rapid, Estrogen ReceptorMediated Signaling: Why Is the Endothelium So Special?.
Ubiquitin chains in the ladder of MAPK signaling.
Microtubule basis for left-handed helical growth in Arabidopsis.
The F-box protein slimb controls the levels of clock proteins period and timeless.
Unconventional lift-generating mechanisms in free-flying butterflies.
A saponin-detoxifying enzyme mediates suppression of plant defences.
Satellite tagging: expanded niche for white sharks.
Hidden orbital order in the heavy fermion metal URu2Si2.
Density-dependent mortality and the latitudinal gradient in species diversity.
Glucose transporter recycling in response to insulin is facilitated by myosin Myo1c.
Ultra-broadband semiconductor laser.
Biochemistry: biosynthesis of an organofluorine molecule.
Production of liquid alkanes by aqueous-phase processing of biomass-derived carbohydrates.
Cytokinin oxidase regulates rice grain production.
A cellular microRNA mediates antiviral defense in human cells.
Trophic cascades in a formerly cod-dominated ecosystem.
Stable carbon cycleclimate relationship during the late Pleistocene.
Gene regulation at the single-cell level.
The great Sumatra-Andaman earthquake of 26 december 2004.
Suppression of aging in mice by the hormone Klotho.
Chemical detection with a single-walled carbon nanotube capacitor.
A selective inhibitor of eIF2 dephosphorylation protects cells from ER stress.
Developing world: Global warning.
Epigenetics: Keeping one's sex.
Artificial chemical and magnetic structure at the domain walls of an epitaxial oxide.
Cell biology: The stressful influence of microbes.
Chemistry: A life in science and literature.
GDP: No one metric can rule them all.
Hallucigenia/'s onychophoran-like claws and the case for Tactopoda.
A Hox regulatory network of hindbrain segmentation is conserved to the base of vertebrates.
[C] Policy: Count the social cost of oil sands too.
No fury like a woman cold-called.
Bcl6 and Blimp-1 are reciprocal and antagonistic regulators of T follicular helper cell differentiation.
Sudden death of entanglement.
Coding-sequence determinants of gene expression in Escherichia coli.
Stretching single talin rod molecules activates vinculin binding.
Knockout rats via embryo microinjection of zinc-finger nucleases.
Transmission and pathogenesis of swine-origin 2009 A (H1N1) influenza viruses in ferrets and mice.
Detection of an infectious retrovirus, XMRV, in blood cells of patients with chronic fatigue syndrome.
Beneficial biofuelsthe food, energy, and environment trilemma.
The genetic architecture of maize flowering time.
ATP-citrate lyase links cellular metabolism to histone acetylation.
Extensive and divergent circadian gene expression in liver and heart.
Architecture for a large-scale ion-trap quantum computer.
Collapse and revival of the matter wave field of a BoseEinstein condensate.
Tumorigenesis: RAF/RAS oncogenes and mismatch-repair status.
Essential role for TIRAP in activation of the signalling cascade shared by TLR2 and TLR4.
Minocycline inhibits cytochrome c release and delays progression of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis in mice.
Neurodegenerative disease: amyloid pores from pathogenic mutations.
Oligodendrocyte-myelin glycoprotein is a Nogo receptor ligand that inhibits neurite outgrowth.
Feedback with soil biota contributes to plant rarity and invasiveness in communities.
Molecular identification of a renal urateanion exchanger that regulates blood urate levels.
Noninherited resistance to antibiotics.
Evidence for deep magma injection beneath Lake Tahoe, Nevada-California.
The ocean takes a deep breath.
A fresh look at electron hydration.
Default Eosinophils in Asthma: Remodeling a Tangled Tale (asthma granulocyte pulmonary allergic diphtheria).
Intellectual property: Commons-based strategies and the problems of patents.
Soma-germ line competition for lipid phosphate uptake regulates germ cell migration and survival.
Impact-induced seismic activity on Asteroid 433 Eros: A surface modification process.
Abiotic forcing of plankton evolution in the Cenozoic.
Electronic frustration on a triangular lattice.
Machine learning for science: state of the art and future prospects.
Universality and scaling in the disordering of a smectic liquid crystal.
Requirement of phospholipase C4 for the zona pellucida-induced acrosome reaction.
Role of the ABC transporter Mdl1 in peptide export from mitochondria.
Cloned cattle can be healthy and normal.
Gamma-ray bursts: Accumulating afterglow implications, progenitor clues, and prospects.
Artistic creativity and the brain.
14C-dead living biomass: evidence for microbial assimilation of ancient organic carbon during shale weathering.
Structure of complement receptor 2 in complex with its C3d ligand.
Auditory spatial receptive fields created by multiplication.
Pannexin 1 channels mediate/find-me/'signal release and membrane permeability during apoptosis.
Genome, epigenome and RNA sequences of monozygotic twins discordant for multiple sclerosis.
Ligand-specific regulation of the extracellular surface of a G-protein-coupled receptor.
Spin-imbalance in a one-dimensional Fermi gas.
Comprehensive methylome map of lineage commitment from haematopoietic progenitors.
Subtypes of medulloblastoma have distinct developmental origins.
Blood stem cells emerge from aortic endothelium by a novel type of cell transition.
Ultrabright source of entangled photon pairs.
In vivo imaging of haematopoietic cells emerging from the mouse aortic endothelium.
Ephrin-B2 controls VEGF-induced angiogenesis and lymphangiogenesis.
HPV: The global burden.
Structured spheres generated by an in-fibre fluid instability.
Structure of a methyl-coenzyme M reductase from Black Sea mats that oxidize methane anaerobically.
Observation of interstellar lithium in the low-metallicity Small Magellanic Cloud.
B12 cofactors directly stabilize an mRNA regulatory switch.
Formation of the widest binary stars from dynamical unfolding of triple systems.
Recurrent network activity drives striatal synaptogenesis.
Stereocontrolled organocatalytic synthesis of prostaglandin PGF2 [agr] in seven steps.
Pause on avian flu transmission studies.
Nanotechnology: shape matters.
Mass mortality of krill caused by parasitoid ciliates.
Chasing the fickle swine flu.
Tales from a troubled marriage: science and law in environmental policy.
Preventing toxicity with a gene test.
A bright future for biologists and mathematicians.
Spin-polarized hydrogen atoms from molecular photodissociation.
A look inside the San Andreas fault at Parkfield through vertical seismic profiling.
Comment on" Efficient photochemical water splitting by a chemically modified n-TiO2"(II).
Turning sweet on cancer.
How iron activates O2.
High-resolution x-ray imaging of a globular cluster core: Compact binaries in 47Tuc.
Impact of polymer tether length on multiple ligand-receptor bond formation.
Top-down tectonics?.
Interannual variability in net primary production and precipitation.
Gene families from the Arabidopsis thaliana pollen coat proteome.
The human genome and our view of ourselves.
Chromatin docking and exchange activity enhancement of RCC1 by histones H2A and H2B.
Tropical tropospheric ozone and biomass burning.
Dendrodendritic inhibition through reversal of dopamine transport.
Inland thinning of pine island Glacier, West Antarctica.
Disposable-soma senescence mediated by sexual selection in an ungulate.
Evolutionary biology: butterfly mimics of ants.
Green explosives: collateral damage.
Reconstructing galaxy histories from globular clusters.
Dislocation creep in MgSiO3 perovskite at conditions of the Earth's uppermost lower mantle.
Mechanoelectrical transduction of adult outer hair cells studied in a gerbil hemicochlea.
Mitochondrial permeability: dual role for the ADP/ATP translocator?.
Networking opportunity.
Evidence for a macroscopic electric field in the sedimentation profiles of charged colloids.
Compact sources as the origin of the soft -ray emission of the Milky Way.
Learning-related feedforward inhibitory connectivity growth required for memory precision.
Protein targeting and degradation are coupled for elimination of mislocalized proteins.
Structure and function of a membrane component SecDF that enhances protein export.
An olfactory receptor for food-derived odours promotes male courtship in Drosophila.
Dendritic cells control lymphocyte entry to lymph nodes through high endothelial venules.
Indian and African plate motions driven by the push force of the Reunion plume head.
A plastidial sodium-dependent pyruvate transporter.
Multi-domain conformational selection underlies pre-mRNA splicing regulation by U2AF.
Agriculture: Beyond food versus fuel.
Melanopsin signalling in mammalian iris and retina.
Genomics: a gut prediction.
High frequency of functional extinctions in ecological networks.
Renewable resources: build a biomass energy market.
Structural and energetic basis of folded-protein transport by the FimD usher.
An age difference of two billion years between a metal-rich and a metal-poor globular cluster.
High-resolution cryo-electron microscopy structure of the Trypanosoma brucei ribosome.
The catalytic mechanism for aerobic formation of methane by bacteria.
Vesicular and non-vesicular transport feed distinct glycosylation pathways in the Golgi.
Marine science: get ready for ocean acidification.
Highly polarized light from stable ordered magnetic fields in GRB [thinsp] 120308A.
Passive origins of stomatal control in vascular plants.
Oxytocin selectively gates fear responses through distinct outputs from the central amygdala.
Paleoindian seafaring, maritime technologies, and coastal foraging on California's Channel Islands.
No evidence of murine-like gammaretroviruses in CFS patients previously identified as XMRV-infected.
The C-terminal domain of RNA polymerase II is modified by site-specific methylation.
Impact of polar ozone depletion on subtropical precipitation.
7 billion and counting.
Development of transgenic fungi that kill human malaria parasites in mosquitoes.
Synthesis and measurement of ultrafast waveforms from five discrete optical harmonics.
Global human capital: Integrating education and population.
Practical and innate carbon-hydrogen functionalization of heterocycles.
Mutations in kelch-like 3 and cullin 3 cause hypertension and electrolyte abnormalities.
Stability criteria for complex ecosystems.
Direct frequency comb spectroscopy in the extreme ultraviolet.
Non-invasive prenatal measurement of the fetal genome.
Reduced airway surface pH impairs bacterial killing in the porcine cystic fibrosis lung.
Increased HIV-1 vaccine efficacy against viruses with genetic signatures in Env V2.
Autistic-like behaviour and cerebellar dysfunction in Purkinje cell Tsc1 mutant mice.
Chronic lymphocytic leukaemia is driven by antigen-independent cell-autonomous signalling.
High-resolution crystal structure of human protease-activated receptor 1.
TANK-binding kinase-1 delineates innate and adaptive immune responses to DNA vaccines.
A myocardial lineage derives from Tbx18 epicardial cells.
A test of the nature of cosmic acceleration using galaxy redshift distortions.
Identification of a serotonin/glutamate receptor complex implicated in psychosis.
Winners don't punish.
Orbital and millennial-scale features of atmospheric CH4 over the past 800,000 years.
Triggers, targets and treatments for thrombosis.
PML targeting eradicates quiescent leukaemia-initiating cells.
Chromatin dynamics during epigenetic reprogramming in the mouse germ line.
Coupling of spin and orbital motion of electrons in carbon nanotubes.
Observation of Dirac node formation and mass acquisition in a topological crystalline insulator.
Cortical high-density counterstream architectures.
Enhanced remote earthquake triggering at fluid-injection sites in the midwestern United States.
Approval of novel TB drug celebratedwith restraint.
Physical and virtual laboratories in science and engineering education.
Cancer pharmacogenomics: early promise, but concerted effort needed.
From few to many: observing the formation of a Fermi sea one atom at a time.
mTOR inhibition alleviates mitochondrial disease in a mouse model of Leigh syndrome.
Genomic diversity and evolution of the head crest in the rock pigeon.
Genome-wide comparison of medieval and modern Mycobacterium leprae.
New observational constraints for atmospheric hydroxyl on global and hemispheric scales.
Structure of murine CTLA-4 and its role in modulating T cell responsiveness.
Into the forbidden zone.
A nucleation site and mechanism leading to epitaxial growth of diamond films.
New neurons: extraordinary evidence or extraordinary conclusion?.
Intracellular parasitism by the human granulocytic ehrlichiosis bacterium through the P-selectin ligand, PSGL-1.
Solar wind record on the Moon: deciphering presolar from planetary nitrogen.
Designing a new material world.
Temporal trends in deep ocean Redfield ratios.
Clonal propagation of primate offspring by embryo splitting.
Nuclear waste management in the United Statesstarting over.
Looking forward in pharmaceutical process chemistry.
The Aryl Hydrocarbon Nuclear Translocator Alters CD30-Mediated NF-BDependent Transcription.
Emergent or just complex?.
Beyond Thailand: Making Sense of a Qualified AIDS Vaccine" Success".
Stimulus gives DOE billions for carbon-capture projects.
Deep tremors and slow quakes.
The shape and surface variation of 2 Pallas from the Hubble Space Telescope.
The molecular basis of nacre formation.
Ovulation signals.
Impacts of climatic change and fishing on Pacific salmon abundance over the past 300 years.
Inhibition of experimental liver cirrhosis in mice by telomerase gene delivery.
Porphyrin and phthalocyanine antiscrapie compounds.
Tectonic implications of U-Pb zircon ages of the Himalayan orogenic belt in Nepal.
A calmodulin-related protein that suppresses posttranscriptional gene silencing in plants.
No consistent effect of plant diversity on productivity.
Specification of Drosophila hematopoietic lineage by conserved transcription factors.
Mid-Pleistocene Acheulean-like stone technology of the Bose basin, South China.
Homologs of small nucleolar RNAs in Archaea.
Atomic structure of PDE4: insights into phosphodiesterase mechanism and specificity.
Early mesodermal cues assign avian cardiac pacemaker fate potential in a tertiary heart field.
Tissue interactions in neural crest cell development and disease.
ESCRT-III assembly and cytokinetic abscission are induced by tension release in the intercellular bridge.
The upper limb of Australopithecus sediba.
The molecular basis for attractive salt-taste coding in Drosophila.
The consequence of tree pests and diseases for ecosystem services.
Fasting launches CRTC to facilitate long-term memory formation in Drosophila.
Circadian control of chloroplast transcription by a nuclear-encoded timing signal.
Thermal stability of volatiles in the north polar region of Mercury.
RTEL1 is a replisome-associated helicase that promotes telomere and genome-wide replication.
Two-particle quantum interference in tunnel-coupled optical tweezers.
Strong, lightweight, and recoverable three-dimensional ceramic nanolattices.
Generation of compartmentalized pressure by a nuclear piston governs cell motility in a 3D matrix.
Changes in rRNA transcription influence proliferation and cell fate within a stem cell lineage.
Evaluating flood resilience strategies for coastal megacities.
PCP and septins compartmentalize cortical actomyosin to direct collective cell movement.
Entangled states of More than 40 atoms in an optical fiber cavity.
25-Hydroxycholesterol suppresses interleukin-1driven inflammation downstream of type I interferon.
Border controla membrane-linked interactome of Arabidopsis.
Semi-conservative DNA replication through telomeres requires Taz1.
Photonics: lasers producing tailored beams.
Resource competition and social conflict in experimental populations of yeast.
The nature of plant species.
Hydrous olivine unable to account for conductivity anomaly at the top of the asthenosphere.
Structure of C3b in complex with CRIg gives insights into regulation of complement activation.
Magnetic impurity formation in quantum point contacts.
A C. elegans stretch receptor neuron revealed by a mechanosensitive TRP channel homologue.
Slip on'weak'faults by the rotation of regional stress in the fracture damage zone.
Controls on tropical Pacific Ocean productivity revealed through nutrient stress diagnostics.
AID is required to initiate Nbs1/-H2AX focus formation and mutations at sites of class switching.
Internal structure of a cold dark molecular cloud inferred from the extinction of background starlight.
Perceptual basis of bimanual coordination.
Cell culture: Progenitor cells from human brain after death.
Origin of the Moon in a giant impact near the end of the Earth's formation.
High critical currents in iron-clad superconducting MgB2 wires.
Formation cross-sections of singlet and triplet excitons in -conjugated polymers.
The E2F13 transcription factors are essential for cellular proliferation.
A giant stream of metal-rich stars in the halo of the galaxy M31.
Loss of superconductivity with the addition of Al to MgB2 and a structural transition in Mg1-x AlxB2.
Near-synchronous interhemispheric termination of the last glacial maximum in mid-latitudes.
Solid-state qubits with current-controlled coupling.
Evolution of the eastern tropical Pacific through Plio-Pleistocene glaciation.
Optical spectroscopy of individual single-walled carbon nanotubes of defined chiral structure.
Seamless proteins tie up their loose ends.
Outer membrane active transport: structure of the BtuB: TonB complex.
TRB3 links the E3 ubiquitin ligase COP1 to lipid metabolism.
Asymmetric hydrogenation of unfunctionalized, purely alkyl-substituted olefins.
Santorini eruption radiocarbon dated to 1627-1600 BC.
SUMO1 haploinsufficiency leads to cleft lip and palate.
Rival genome sequencers celebrate a milestone together.
Middle Miocene hominoid origins.
[C] Is it warm? Is it real? Or just low spatial frequency?.
Marking time for a kingdom.
Staying slim with insulin in mind.
High-strength welds in metallocene polypropylene/polyethylene laminates.
Flip the chip.
AIDS in a new millennium.
Toxicity of ALS-linked SOD1 mutants.
Monitoring and labelling for genetically modified products.
Myc-induced T cell leukemia in transgenic zebrafish.
Amazonia 1492: pristine forest or cultural parkland?.
The birth of an alternatively spliced exon: 3'splice-site selection in Alu exons.
Origin of the superflock of cichlid fishes from Lake Victoria, East Africa.
GUN4, a regulator of chlorophyll synthesis and intracellular signaling.
Prospects for biodiversity.
Production of complex human glycoproteins in yeast.
Disrupted timing of discontinuous but not continuous movements by cerebellar lesions.
High-density electron anions in a nanoporous single crystal:[Ca24Al28O64] 4+(4e-).
Bonding changes in compressed superhard graphite.
A critical period of sleep for development of courtship circuitry and behavior in Drosophila.
A local clue to the reionization of the universe.
Reverse-engineering censorship in China: Randomized experimentation and participant observation.
Structural insights into ubiquinone biosynthesis in membranes.
Disproportionation of (Mg, Fe) SiO3 perovskite in Earth's deep lower mantle.
Geophysical and geochemical evidence for deep temperature variations beneath mid-ocean ridges.
Centennial changes in North Pacific anoxia linked to tropical trade winds.
Holocene history of ENSO variance and asymmetry in the eastern tropical Pacific.
Detecting nonlocality in many-body quantum states.
Record-breaking winters and global climate change.
Decline of subpolar North Atlantic circulation during the 1990s.
Nuclear pore complex structure and dynamics revealed by cryoelectron tomography.
Distinct ensemble codes in hippocampal areas CA3 and CA1.
Prevention of vaginal SHIV transmission in rhesus macaques through inhibition of CCR5.
Superconductivity modulated by quantum size effects.
The Opportunity Rover's Athena science investigation at Meridiani Planum, Mars.
Nucleosome arrays reveal the two-start organization of the chromatin fiber.
Reversible optical transcription of supramolecular chirality into molecular chirality.
Hematotoxicity in workers exposed to low levels of benzene.
Hemoxygenase-2 is an oxygen sensor for a calcium-sensitive potassium channel.
Sparse coding and decorrelation in primary visual cortex during natural vision.
Signal transduction through prion protein.
Molecular analysis of FRIGIDA, a major determinant of natural variation in Arabidopsis flowering time.
Signal-processing machines at the postsynaptic density.
Rapid destruction of human Cdc25A in response to DNA damage.
NF-B-induced loss of MyoD messenger RNA: possible role in muscle decay and cachexia.
Cooperative regulation of cell polarity and growth by Drosophila tumor suppressors.
Microfabricating conjugated polymer actuators.
A mutation in PRKAG3 associated with excess glycogen content in pig skeletal muscle.
Nucleated conformational conversion and the replication of conformational information by a prion determinant.
Ventilation of the deep Southern Ocean and deglacial CO2 rise.
Genotype to phenotype: a complex problem.
Precision agriculture and food security.
Arabidopsis type I metacaspases control cell death.
Structure of the human BK channel Ca2+-activation apparatus at 3.0  resolution.
Lynx1, a cholinergic brake, limits plasticity in adult visual cortex.
Overexpression of alpha2A-adrenergic receptors contributes to type 2 diabetes.
Literacy and science: Each in the service of the other.
Bifurcation of Toll-like receptor 9 signaling by adaptor protein 3.
NMR structure determination for larger proteins using backbone-only data.
Interferon- cures persistent murine norovirus infection in the absence of adaptive immunity.
Population transcriptomics of human malaria parasites reveals the mechanism of artemisinin resistance.
A prudent path forward for genomic engineering and germline gene modification.
Crystal structures of translocator protein (TSPO) and mutant mimic of a human polymorphism.
Structure and activity of tryptophan-rich TSPO proteins.
Mid-infrared plasmonic biosensing with graphene.
67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko, a Jupiter family comet with a high D/H ratio.
Time variability and heterogeneity in the coma of 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko.
Mutation rate and genotype variation of Ebola virus from Mali case sequences.
High-performance transition metaldoped Pt3Ni octahedra for oxygen reduction reaction.
The asynchronous state in cortical circuits.
Ferroelectric control of spin polarization.
Reaction-diffusion model as a framework for understanding biological pattern formation.
New opportunities for an ancient material.
Rules for biologically inspired adaptive network design.
Changing face of microglia.
Evidence for an alternative glycolytic pathway in rapidly proliferating cells.
Tracking hydrocarbon plume transport and biodegradation at Deepwater Horizon.
Anomalous strength characteristics of tilt grain boundaries in graphene.
The palladium-catalyzed trifluoromethylation of aryl chlorides.
A transglutaminase homologue as a condensation catalyst in antibiotic assembly lines.
Non-equilibrium degassing and a primordial source for helium in ocean-island volcanism.
Tethys and Dione as sources of outward-flowing plasma in Saturn's magnetosphere.
Earth monitoring: Cinderella science.
Newspaper scare headlines can be counter-productive.
Scientists rethink approach to HIV gels.
Genomic biology: the epigenomic era opens.
Optics: beyond diffraction.
Spintronics: silicon twists.
The rotating wind of the quasar PG 1700+ 518.
Recombinant erythropoietin in urine.
Frequent ectopic recombination of virulence factor genes in telomeric chromosome clusters of P. falciparum.
Food and metabolic signalling defects in a Caenorhabditis elegans serotonin-synthesis mutant.
The structures of HslU and the ATP-dependent protease HslUHslV.
IRS-2 pathways integrate female reproduction and energy homeostasis.
Structural basis for the fracture toughness of the shell of the conch Strombus gigas.
Initiation of neural induction by FGF signalling before gastrulation.
A constitutively open potassium channel formed by KCNQ1 and KCNE3.
CpG methylation is maintained in human cancer cells lacking DNMT1.
Increased marine production of N2O due to intensifying anoxia on the Indian continental shelf.
Twenty-first-century warming of a large Antarctic ice-shelf cavity by a redirected coastal current.
Circadian rhythms govern cardiac repolarization and arrhythmogenesis.
Interpreting cancer genomes using systematic host network perturbations by tumour virus proteins.
Opposite effects of fear conditioning and extinction on dendritic spine remodelling.
Large-scale vortex lattice emerging from collectively moving microtubules.
Control of ground-state pluripotency by allelic regulation of Nanog.
A magnified young galaxy from about 500 million years after the Big Bang.
Spontaneous coherence in a cold exciton gas.
High-throughput decoding of antitrypanosomal drug efficacy and resistance.
Melanomas resist T-cell therapy through inflammation-induced reversible dedifferentiation.
Rapid membrane disruption by a perforin-like protein facilitates parasite exit from host cells.
The initial stages of template-controlled CaCO3 formation revealed by cryo-TEM.
Conserved functions of membrane active GTPases in coated vesicle formation.
Revealing the history of sheep domestication using retrovirus integrations.
The cAMP sensor Epac2 is a direct target of antidiabetic sulfonylurea drugs.
The optogenetic catechism.
The transcriptional repressor DEC2 regulates sleep length in mammals.
Phage-mediated intergeneric transfer of toxin genes.
On the origin and spread of an adaptive allele in deer mice.
Measuring the cosmic-ray acceleration efficiency of a supernova remnant.
Bmi-1 dependence distinguishes neural stem cell self-renewal from progenitor proliferation.
P2X4 receptors induced in spinal microglia gate tactile allodynia after nerve injury.
Beating the superparamagnetic limit with exchange bias.
Subwavelength-diameter silica wires for low-loss optical wave guiding.
A gene expression atlas of the central nervous system based on bacterial artificial chromosomes.
Single-crystal gallium nitride nanotubes.
Imaging coexisting fluid domains in biomembrane models coupling curvature and line tension.
A high-affinity conformation of Hsp90 confers tumour selectivity on Hsp90 inhibitors.
Transcription regulation and animal diversity.
Disease proteomics.
Lyme disease: uphill struggle.
Cleavage of pre-tRNAs by the splicing endonuclease requires a composite active site.
Cosmology from start to finish.
Olfaction: underwater'sniffing'by semi-aquatic mammals.
Insights into the dynamics of mantle plumes from uranium-series geochemistry.
The sequestration of ethane on Titan in smog particles.
Conservation biology: Roads and genetic connectivity.
Reducing the burden of sexually transmitted infections in resource-limited settings: the role of improved diagnostics.
The finished DNA sequence of human chromosome 12.
Palaeoanthropology: Return of the last Neanderthal.
Prion diseases: Cannibals and garbage piles.
Measuring fast neutrons in Hiroshima at distances relevant to atomic-bomb survivors.
Signal transduction: aspirin, ubiquitin and cancer.
Auxetic materials: Avoiding the shrink.
Immunology: dangerous liaisons.
Innate immunity: the unsung heroes.
[C] Cancer fears cast doubts on future of gene therapy.
Conservation biology: parasites lost.
Geomorphology: Nature, nurture and landscape.
Epidemiology: Sexual transmission of HIV in Africa.
Discovery of olivine in the Nili Fossae region of Mars.
Thalamic control of visceral nociception mediated by T-type Ca2+ channels.
Disruption of transforming growth factor- signaling in ELF -spectrin-deficient mice.
Detection of hydroxyl ions in bone mineral by solid-state NMR spectroscopy.
Two eyes for an eye: the neuroscience of force escalation.
Taming Winfree turbulence of scroll waves in excitable media.
Strategizing in the brain.
Molecular architecture of the multiprotein splicing factor SF3b.
New light on dark matter.
The onset of matter-wave amplification in a superradiant Bose-Einstein condensate.
Functional organization of human sensorimotor cortex for speech articulation.
A key role for mitochondrial gatekeeper pyruvate dehydrogenase in oncogene-induced senescence.
Attention to eyes is present but in decline in 2-6-month-old infants later diagnosed with autism.
Studying arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia with patient-specific iPSCs.
The importance of mixed selectivity in complex cognitive tasks.
Finding the sources of missing heritability in a yeast cross.
Global carbon dioxide emissions from inland waters.
High-fidelity readout and control of a nuclear spin qubit in silicon.
Patterns of population epigenomic diversity.
Signature of ocean warming in global fisheries catch.
Driven coherent oscillations of a single electron spin in a quantum dot.
Hypoxia signalling in cancer and approaches to enforce tumour regression.
Reconstructing the early evolution of Fungi using a six-gene phylogeny.
Active terahertz metamaterial devices.
The roles of intracellular protein-degradation pathways in neurodegeneration.
Climate-driven trends in contemporary ocean productivity.
Safe handling of nanotechnology.
BRAF mutation predicts sensitivity to MEK inhibition.
Oncogene-induced senescence is a DNA damage response triggered by DNA hyper-replication.
Effects of biodiversity on the functioning of trophic groups and ecosystems.
PGC7 binds histone H3K9me2 to protect against conversion of 5mC to 5hmC in early embryos.
The calcium-sensing receptor regulates the NLRP3 inflammasome through Ca2+ and cAMP.
Restoration of vision after transplantation of photoreceptors.
Coastal eutrophication as a driver of salt marsh loss.
Caspase-11 increases susceptibility to Salmonella infection in the absence of caspase-1.
Phase transitions in the assembly of multivalent signalling proteins.
Restoration of grasp following paralysis through brain-controlled stimulation of muscles.
Mitochondrial disorders as windows into an ancient organelle.
Transcription factor PIF4 controls the thermosensory activation of flowering.
Genomic analysis of a key innovation in an experimental Escherichia coli population.
Hydatellaceae identified as a new branch near the base of the angiosperm phylogenetic tree.
RNA-mediated epigenetic programming of a genome-rearrangement pathway.
The rapid drift of the Indian tectonic plate.
Architectural and mechanistic insights into an EHD ATPase involved in membrane remodelling.
Isotopic evidence for Mesoarchaean anoxia and changing atmospheric sulphur chemistry.
MicroRNA control of Nodal signalling.
A ubiquitin ligase transfers preformed polyubiquitin chains from a conjugating enzyme to a substrate.
Astrophysics: Quark matter in compact stars?.
The production of molecular positronium.
Structural basis for gate-DNA recognition and bending by type IIA topoisomerases.
Stimulatory effect of splicing factors on transcriptional elongation.
Deafness: cross-modal plasticity and cochlear implants.
Many-body and correlation effects in semiconductors.
Agonist-independent activation of metabotropic glutamate receptors by the intracellular protein Homer.
Non-Fermi-liquid nature of the normal state of itinerant-electron ferromagnets.
Warm tropical ocean surface and global anoxia during the mid-Cretaceous period.
Target neuron prespecification in the olfactory map of Drosophila.
Mars' volatile and climate history.
Haemoglobin C protects against clinical Plasmodium falciparum malaria.
Giant lateral electrostriction in ferroelectric liquid-crystalline elastomers.
Conditional use of sex and parthenogenesis for worker and queen production in ants.
Fluctuations and bistabilities on catalyst nanoparticles.
The PP2A-associated protein 4 is an essential inhibitor of apoptosis.
Very low gene duplication rate in the yeast genome.
Enigmatic biodiversity correlations: ant diversity responds to diverse resources.
Degradation of terrigenous dissolved organic carbon in the western Arctic Ocean.
Modular construction of early Ediacaran complex life forms.
Use of logic relationships to decipher protein network organization.
Localization and physical properties experiments conducted by Spirit at Gusev Crater.
arrA is a reliable marker for As (V) respiration.
A debris disk around an isolated young neutron star.
Hierarchy and adaptivity in segmenting visual scenes.
Gene network shaping of inherent noise spectra.
Formation of a functional thymus initiated by a postnatal epithelial progenitor cell.
A guest-free germanium clathrate.
Reducing the global burden of tuberculosis: the contribution of improved diagnostics.
'Designer atoms' for quantum metrology.
Norm-based face encoding by single neurons in the monkey inferotemporal cortex.
The search for a topographic signature of life.
WntRyk signalling mediates mediallateral retinotectal topographic mapping.
Fine-tuning of pre-balanced excitation and inhibition during auditory cortical development.
Nitrate supply from deep to near-surface waters of the North Pacific subtropical gyre.
The end of cheap coal.
Acid sensing by the Drosophila olfactory system.
Ecosystem response to elevated CO2 levels limited by nitrogen-induced plant species shift.
Fault weakening and earthquake instability by powder lubrication.
Monitoring the world's agriculture.
Pleats in crystals on curved surfaces.
SCFCyclin F controls centrosome homeostasis and mitotic fidelity through CP110 degradation.
Essentiality of FASII pathway for Staphylococcus aureus.
Hydrogen isotopes in Eocene river gravels and paleoelevation of the Sierra Nevada.
Architecture of a fungal fatty acid synthase at 5  resolution.
Dynamic nuclear actin assembly by Arp2/3 complex and a baculovirus WASP-like protein.
Generation of simian-tropic HIV-1 by restriction factor evasion.
Conflicting evidence about long-distance animal navigation.
Changes in North Atlantic radiocarbon reservoir ages during the Allerd and Younger Dryas.
An antigen produced by splicing of noncontiguous peptides in the reverse order.
A virus reveals population structure and recent demographic history of its carnivore host.
A sea-floor spreading event captured by seismometers.
Clonal adaptive radiation in a constant environment.
Modern riding style improves horse racing times.
Nursing China's ailing forests back to health.
Reactome array: forging a link between metabolome and genome.
The cholera crisis in Africa.
Computing has changed biologybiology education must catch up.
Swine Flu names evolving faster than swine flu itself.
Reflections on: our planet and its life, origins, and futures.
Comprehensive control of atomic motion.
The DNA sequence, annotation and analysis of human chromosome 3.
Genomics: Discovery in the dirt.
Dogs can play useful role as sentinel hosts for disease.
Neuroscience: a memory boost while you sleep.
Palaeontology: Respect for stromatolites.
Putting the carbon back: the hundred billion tonne challenge.
Prestige is factored into journal ratings.
Animal experiments under fire for poor design.
Subcontinental-scale crustal velocity changes along the PacificNorth America plate boundary.
Superconductivity: quantum stripe search.
Genetic incompatibility drives sex allocation and maternal investment in a polymorphic finch.
Leading-edge vortices elevate lift of autorotating plant seeds.
Exploring dark matter with milky way substructure.
Highly variable spread rates in replicated biological invasions: fundamental limits to predictability.
Rab35 controls actin bundling by recruiting fascin as an effector protein.
FDA Regulation of Stem CellBased Products.
Elastic shear anisotropy of ferropericlase in Earth's lower mantle.
Earth's degassing: a missing ethane and propane source.
Controls on diatom biogeography in the ocean.
A Receptor-Like Protein That Promotes Polarization of an Asymmetric Cell Division in Maize.
Galectin 8 targets damaged vesicles for autophagy to defend cells against bacterial invasion.
International trade drives biodiversity threats in developing nations.
Increase in observed net carbon dioxide uptake by land and oceans during the past 50 years.
Immune self-reactivity triggered by drug-modified HLA-peptide repertoire.
Fractionalized excitations in the spin-liquid state of a kagome-lattice antiferromagnet.
A murine lung cancer co-clinical trial identifies genetic modifiers of therapeutic response.
Clonal selection drives genetic divergence of metastatic medulloblastoma.
X-ray structures of LeuT in substrate-free outward-open and apo inward-open states.
A selective jumonji H3K27 demethylase inhibitor modulates the proinflammatory macrophage response.
Regulation of circadian behaviour and metabolism by synthetic REV-ERB agonists.
A polygenic burden of rare disruptive mutations in schizophrenia.
An atlas of active enhancers across human cell types and tissues.
Ultralow thermal conductivity and high thermoelectric figure of merit in SnSe crystals.
Reversion of advanced Ebola virus disease in nonhuman primates with ZMapp.
Stimulus-triggered fate conversion of somatic cells into pluripotency.
The bone marrow niche for haematopoietic stem cells.
Genetics of rheumatoid arthritis contributes to biology and drug discovery.
Cell death by pyroptosis drives CD4 T-cell depletion in HIV-1 infection.
Identification of pre-leukaemic haematopoietic stem cells in acute leukaemia.
The present and future role of microfluidics in biomedical research.
The biodiversity of species and their rates of extinction, distribution, and protection.
Observation of Majorana fermions in ferromagnetic atomic chains on a superconductor.
Massively parallel single-cell RNA-seq for marker-free decomposition of tissues into cell types.
Cancer immunotherapy based on mutation-specific CD4+ T cells in a patient with epithelial cancer.
Amorphous TiO2 coatings stabilize Si, GaAs, and GaP photoanodes for efficient water oxidation.
Single-cell RNA-seq highlights intratumoral heterogeneity in primary glioblastoma.
A habitable fluvio-lacustrine environment at Yellowknife Bay, Gale Crater, Mars.
Structure of a class C GPCR metabotropic glutamate receptor 1 bound to an allosteric modulator.
The valley Hall effect in MoS2 transistors.
IFI16 DNA sensor is required for death of lymphoid CD4 T cells abortively infected with HIV.
A RING-type ubiquitin ligase family member required to repress follicular helper T cells and autoimmunity.
Tuning clathrate hydrates for hydrogen storage.
Nucleosynthetic signatures of the first stars.
Auxin inhibits endocytosis and promotes its own efflux from cells.
Mechanics of the kinesin step.
An endocannabinoid mechanism for stress-induced analgesia.
A short -ray burst apparently associated with an elliptical galaxy at redshift z &equals; 0.225.
Nitrogen transfer in the arbuscular mycorrhizal symbiosis.
Electronic tagging and population structure of Atlantic bluefin tuna.
Challenges and successes in developing new therapies for hepatitis C.
Human-level control through deep reinforcement learning.
Glypican-1 identifies cancer exosomes and detects early pancreatic cancer.
Observation of quantized conductance in neutral matter.
Receptor-mediated selective autophagy degrades the endoplasmic reticulum and the nucleus.
Optically addressable nuclear spins in a solid with a six-hour coherence time.
Endophilin marks and controls a clathrin-independent endocytic pathway.
Resolving the complexity of the human genome using single-molecule sequencing.
Engineered CRISPR-Cas9 nucleases with altered PAM specificities.
An ultraluminous quasar with a twelve-billion-solar-mass black hole at redshift 6.30.
Probabilistic reanalysis of twentieth-century sea-level rise.
Equilibrium iron isotope fractionation at core-mantle boundary conditions.
Dispersion of the excitations of fractional quantum Hall states.
Education and training technology in the military.
Taphonomic, avian, and small-vertebrate indicators of Ardipithecus ramidus habitat.
Evolutionary development of the middle ear in Mesozoic therian mammals.
Ankyrin-G Promotes Cyclic NucleotideGated Channel Transport to Rod Photoreceptor Sensory Cilia.
Quantifying the impact of immune escape on transmission dynamics of influenza.
Reassessing the source of long-period comets.
Comment on DNA from pre-Clovis human coprolites in Oregon, North America.
Dealing with decoherence.
Combining sensory information: mandatory fusion within, but not between, senses.
Plant development: regulation by protein degradation.
Fall and rise of the Black Sea ecosystem.
Increase in the Asian southwest monsoon during the past four centuries.
Metabolic enzymes of mycobacteria linked to antioxidant defense by a thioredoxin-like protein.
50 million years of genomic stasis in endosymbiotic bacteria.
Combined functional genomic maps of the C. elegans DNA damage response.
A tomato cysteine protease required for Cf-2-dependent disease resistance and suppression of autonecrosis.
Probing and controlling the bonds of an artificial molecule.
Progression of vertebrate limb development through SHH-mediated counteraction of GLI3.
Unfolding pathways of individual bacteriorhodopsins.
Learning-induced LTP in neocortex.
Fas preassociation required for apoptosis signaling and dominant inhibition by pathogenic mutations.
Contribution of increasing CO2 and climate to carbon storage by ecosystems in the United States.
Cytochrome c release and apoptosis induced by mitochondrial targeting of nuclear orphan receptor TR3.
ORCA3, a jasmonate-responsive transcriptional regulator of plant primary and secondary metabolism.
Coherent high-and low-latitude climate variability during the Holocene warm period.
HIV-1 nomenclature proposal.
Rapid changes in the hydrologic cycle of the tropical Atlantic during the last glacial.
Requirement of the inositol trisphosphate receptor for activation of store-operated Ca2+ channels.
Histone H2AX-dependent GABAA receptor regulation of stem cell proliferation.
Reverse engineering the genotypephenotype map with natural genetic variation.
Single-nucleotide mutation rate increases close to insertions/deletions in eukaryotes.
Stepwise chromatin remodelling by a cascade of transcription initiation of non-coding RNAs.
Global control of cell-cycle transcription by coupled CDK and network oscillators.
TRPC channel activation by extracellular thioredoxin.
Difference in direct charge-parity violation between charged and neutral B meson decays.
Control of segment number in vertebrate embryos.
A 1,000-year sediment record of tsunami recurrence in northern Sumatra.
Replication fork movement sets chromatin loop size and origin choice in mammalian cells.
Microbiology: wealth management in the gut.
Shear-driven dynamo waves at high magnetic Reynolds number.
Astrophysics: Black holes in a spin.
Ecosystems: Climate change must not blow conservation off course.
Chronobiology: the human sleep project.
Sustainability: Choose satellites to monitor deforestation.
Oceanographic controls on the diversity and extinction of planktonic foraminifera.
Biospecimen policy: Family matters.
The microRNA miR-235 couples blast-cell quiescence to the nutritional state.
Sustainability: A green light for efficiency.
Animal communication: Tree-hole frogs exploit resonance effects.
Paired gill slits in a fossil with a calcite skeleton.
Developmental biology: Modular feedback.
Sequence of Plasmodium falciparum chromosome 12.
Proteomics: the society of proteins.
Evidence for recycled Archaean oceanic mantle lithosphere in the Azores plume.
First-principles study of illitesmectite and implications for clay mineral systems.
Mouse genetics: Full house.
Eukaryotic evolution: early origin of canonical introns.
Discounting: an eye on the future.
Protonic diffusion in high-pressure ice VII.
A pathogen receptor on natural killer cells.
Animal studies raise hopes for spinal cord repair.
Taking garbage in, tossing cancer out?.
Rat brains respond to embryonic stem cells.
Advice without dissent.
Earth's early atmosphere.
The DNA damage pathway regulates innate immune system ligands of the NKG2D receptor.
Global analysis of protein phosphorylation in yeast.
Increase in tropospheric nitrogen dioxide over China observed from space.
Scalable multiparticle entanglement of trapped ions.
Genome sequencing and analysis of Aspergillus oryzae.
Microscopic artificial swimmers.
Determinants of woody cover in African savannas.
An all-silicon Raman laser.
A mechanosensory complex that mediates the endothelial cell response to fluid shear stress.
Mutations in NOTCH1 cause aortic valve disease.
The B73 maize genome: complexity, diversity, and dynamics.
Human induced pluripotent stem cells free of vector and transgene sequences.
Comprehensive mapping of long-range interactions reveals folding principles of the human genome.
Pd-Pt bimetallic nanodendrites with high activity for oxygen reduction.
Evidence for cardiomyocyte renewal in humans.
Inhibition of Hedgehog signaling enhances delivery of chemotherapy in a mouse model of pancreatic cancer.
Real-time DNA sequencing from single polymerase molecules.
Network analysis in the social sciences.
The nuclear DNA base 5-hydroxymethylcytosine is present in Purkinje neurons and the brain.
Caloric restriction delays disease onset and mortality in rhesus monkeys.
Two-dimensional geometry of spin excitations in the high-transition-temperature superconductor YBa2Cu3O6&plus; x.
Mass and volume contributions to twentieth-century global sea level rise.
The case for a US prospective cohort study of genes and environment.
Pervasive alteration of tree communities in undisturbed Amazonian forests.
Animal behaviour: cognitive bias and affective state.
Cortical activity reductions during repetition priming can result from rapid response learning.
Laser-induced ultrafast spin reorientation in the antiferromagnet TmFeO3.
Vigorous exchange between the Indian and Atlantic oceans at the end of the past five glacial periods.
Netrin-1 controls colorectal tumorigenesis by regulating apoptosis.
Resourceful imprinting.
STRATOS 1 and 2: considerations in clinical trial design for a fully human monoclonal antibody in severe asthma.
Linearity of chromatographic systems in drug analysis part I: theory of nonlinearity and quantification of curvature.
Hydrographic field investigations in the Northern South China Sea by open cruises during 20042013.
Linearity of chromatographic systems in drug analysis part II: a Monte Carlo justification for the use of nonlinear regressions.
Determination of avibactam and ceftazidime in human plasma samples by LC-MS.
An ex vivo potency assay to assess active drug levels of a GLP-1 agonistic peptide during preclinical safety studies.
Quantification of a bifunctional drug in the presence of an immune response: a ligand-binding assay specific for'active'drug.
Searching phase II enzymes inducers, from Michael acceptor-[1, 2] dithiolethione hybrids, as cancer chemopreventive agents.
Development and characterization of antibody reagents to assess anti-PEG IgG antibodies in clinical samples.
Engaging challenges in glycoproteomics: recent advances in MS-based glycopeptide analysis.
The ABC protein turned chloride channel whose failure causes cystic fibrosis.
A spin triplet supercurrent through the half-metallic ferromagnet CrO2.
Evidence that stem cells reside in the adult Drosophila midgut epithelium.
Radioactive 26Al from massive stars in the Galaxy.
Towards molecular electronics with large-area molecular junctions.
The cells and logic for mammalian sour taste detection.
Sympatric speciation in Nicaraguan crater lake cichlid fish.
Genomic analysis of increased host immune and cell death responses induced by 1918 influenza virus.
Recent advances in Cys-loop receptor structure and function.
Cell death in the nervous system.
Deep roots of the Messinian salinity crisis.
Extra-embryonic function of Rb is essential for embryonic development and viability.
Entangled quantum state of magnetic dipoles.
Fibronectin requirement in branching morphogenesis.
Nuclear-powered millisecond pulsars and the maximum spin frequency of neutron stars.
Biomedical informatics for proteomics.
Independent rate and temporal coding in hippocampal pyramidal cells.
Four-winged dinosaurs from China.
Linguistics: Modelling the dynamics of language death.
Degradation of Cdc25A by -TrCP during S phase and in response to DNA damage.
Structural biology: Translocation chamber's secrets.
Cell biology: Sent by the scent of death.
Functional Neuroscience: How to get ahead in imaging.
Climate change: Southern see-saw seen.
Testing Einstein's special relativity with Fermi's short hard -ray burst GRB090510.
The textbook of the future.
Brain imaging studies under fire.
Is there an association between NPY and neuroticism?.
Quantum physics: Quantum force turns repulsive.
Herpes simplex virus encephalitis in human UNC-93B deficiency.
Engineering yeast transcription machinery for improved ethanol tolerance and production.
RNA interference directs innate immunity against viruses in adult Drosophila.
New neurons follow the flow of cerebrospinal fluid in the adult brain.
Exogenous induction of cerebral -amyloidogenesis is governed by agent and host.
Giant electrocaloric effect in thin-film PbZr0. 95Ti0. 05O3.
Control of electron localization in molecular dissociation.
Catalytic production of olefin block copolymers via chain shuttling polymerization.
Phylogeny of the ants: diversification in the age of angiosperms.
PI (3, 4, 5) P3 and PI (4, 5) P2 lipids target proteins with polybasic clusters to the plasma membrane.
Fitness costs of R-gene-mediated resistance in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Allele substitution at a flower colour locus produces a pollinator shift in monkeyflowers.
High interannual variability of sea ice thickness in the Arctic region.
A change in the freshwater balance of the Atlantic Ocean over the past four decades.
RNA molecules stimulate prion protein conversion.
Constant elevation of southern Tibet over the past 15 million years.
Pregnancy: a cloned horse born to its dam twin.
Structural transitions and elasticity from torque measurements on DNA.
Acute mutation of retinoblastoma gene function is sufficient for cell cycle re-entry.
Adaptation of photoperiodic control pathways produces short-day flowering in rice.
Signal transduction: molecular switches in lipid rafts.
Room-temperature electronic phase transitions in the continuous phase diagrams of perovskite manganites.
Mathematics: best packing in proteins and DNA.
Diagenetic origin of quartz silt in mudstones and implications for silica cycling.
Cursoriality in bipedal archosaurs.
Molecular computation: DNA computing on a chip.
Sensitivity of the geomagnetic axial dipole to thermal coremantle interactions.
Reliance on the citation index undermines the study of biodiversity.
Will souped up salmon sink or swim?.
The most primitive osteichthyan braincase?.
Schizophrenia: diverse approaches to a complex disease.
Kilimanjaro ice core records: evidence of Holocene climate change in tropical Africa.
Condensation of semiconductor microcavity exciton polaritons.
El Nino-like pattern in ice age tropical Pacific sea surface temperature.
Connections and regulation of the human estrogen receptor.
Remarkably selective iridium catalysts for the elaboration of aromatic CH bonds.
Small RNAs correspond to centromere heterochromatic repeats.
Melanopsin (Opn4) requirement for normal light-induced circadian phase shifting.
Axonal self-destruction and neurodegeneration.
Ferroelectric Bi3. 25La0. 75Ti3O12 films of uniform a-axis orientation on silicon substrates.
Single-cell gene expression profiling.
Deciphering the cross-talk of implantation: advances and challenges.
A new skull of early Homo from Dmanisi, Georgia.
Critical role for STAT4 activation by type 1 interferons in the interferon- response to viral infection.
A Ni-Fe-Cu center in a bifunctional carbon monoxide dehydrogenase/acetyl-CoA synthase.
Biomarkers of caloric restriction may predict longevity in humans.
Functional neuroanatomical differences between adults and school-age children in the processing of single words.
Splay fault branching along the Nankai subduction zone.
Imaging sites of receptor dephosphorylation by PTP1B on the surface of the endoplasmic reticulum.
Exosome-mediated recognition and degradation of mRNAs lacking a termination codon.
The draft genome of Ciona intestinalis: insights into chordate and vertebrate origins.
Crystal structure of the extracellular segment of integrin V3 in complex with an Arg-Gly-Asp ligand.
Signal transduction by the TGF- superfamily.
Allergy, parasites, and the hygiene hypothesis.
Formation of a matter-wave bright soliton.
Ecological effects of climate fluctuations.
Addiction to oncogenes--the Achilles heal of cancer.
Economic reasons for conserving wild nature.
Asparagine hydroxylation of the HIF transactivation domain: a hypoxic switch.
Cleavage of Scarecrow-like mRNA targets directed by a class of Arabidopsis miRNA.
Host-derived nitrate boosts growth of E. coli in the inflamed gut.
Structural and functional brain networks: from connections to cognition.
Pivoting the plant immune system from dissection to deployment.
Sequence-controlled polymers.
A long noncoding RNA mediates both activation and repression of immune response genes.
Fueling immunity: insights into metabolism and lymphocyte function.
Climate change and infectious diseases: from evidence to a predictive framework.
Regulation of flowering by trehalose-6-phosphate signaling in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Bringing ecosystem services into economic decision-making: land use in the United Kingdom.
Emergence and frustration of magnetism with variable-range interactions in a quantum simulator.
Thermal structure and dynamics of Saturn's northern springtime disturbance.
Deep human genealogies reveal a selective advantage to be on an expanding wave front.
Nocturnality in dinosaurs inferred from scleral ring and orbit morphology.
A Burkholderia pseudomallei toxin inhibits helicase activity of translation factor eIF4A.
The hidden mass and large spatial extent of a post-starburst galaxy outflow.
New epigenetic drivers of cancers.
tRNAs marked with CCACCA are targeted for degradation.
Experimental philosophy and the problem of free will.
Embryological evidence identifies wing digits in birds as digits 1, 2, and 3.
Chirality in planar cell shape contributes to left-right asymmetric epithelial morphogenesis.
Foundations for engineering biology.
Origin of the cataclysmic Late Heavy Bombardment period of the terrestrial planets.
Doping semiconductor nanocrystals.
A mechanism for impaired fear recognition after amygdala damage.
Viruses in the sea.
Wnt signalling regulates adult hippocampal neurogenesis.
BDNF from microglia causes the shift in neuronal anion gradient underlying neuropathic pain.
LSD1 demethylates repressive histone marks to promote androgen-receptor-dependent transcription.
Sequencing of Aspergillus nidulans and comparative analysis with A. fumigatus and A. oryzae.
Vortices and superfluidity in a strongly interacting Fermi gas.
Accelerator physics: in the wake of success.
QUAD system offers fair shares to all authors.
Genome biology: Tales of the Y chromosome.
Developmental biology: Germ-cell attraction.
Palaeobotany: Swimming sperm in an extinct Gondwanan plant.
Avian behaviour: Altruism and infidelity among warblers.
Researchers get to grips with cause of pneumonia epidemic.
Palaeontology: Combing the primate record.
Bioterrorism: agriculture shock.
Protein misfolding.
Mutations in U4atac snRNA, a component of the minor spliceosome, in the developmental disorder MOPD I.
Time-critical social mobilization.
Friction anisotropydriven domain imaging on exfoliated monolayer graphene.
More intense, shorter pulses.
Long-term change in the nitrogen cycle of tropical forests.
Directed evolution of a protein container.
Expanding the genetic code of Escherichia coli with phosphoserine.
Electrically controlled nonlinear generation of light with plasmonics.
Histone lysine demethylase JARID1a activates CLOCK-BMAL1 and influences the circadian clock.
NMR detection of structures in the HIV-1 5-leader RNA that regulate genome packaging.
Function and molecular mechanism of acetylation in autophagy regulation.
Synthetic partial waves in ultracold atomic collisions.
Revealing the angular symmetry of chemical bonds by atomic force microscopy.
Changing human behavior to prevent disease: the importance of targeting automatic processes.
Wnt5a potentiates TGF- signaling to promote colonic crypt regeneration after tissue injury.
A single progenitor population switches behavior to maintain and repair esophageal epithelium.
iRhom2 regulation of TACE controls TNF-mediated protection against Listeria and responses to LPS.
Human evolution out of Africa: the role of refugia and climate change.
Synthesis and structure of a terminal uranium nitride complex.
A particle consistent with the Higgs boson observed with the ATLAS detector at the Large Hadron Collider.
A forkhead-domain gene is mutated in a severe speech and language disorder.
IFN and lymphocytes prevent primary tumour development and shape tumour immunogenicity.
Endonuclease G is an apoptotic DNase when released from mitochondria.
Crystal structure of an ACh-binding protein reveals the ligand-binding domain of nicotinic receptors.
The web of human sexual contacts.
Delineation of prognostic biomarkers in prostate cancer.
On-chip natural assembly of silicon photonic bandgap crystals.
Chemistry of ion coordination and hydration revealed by a K&plus; channelFab complex at 2.0  resolution.
TAK1 is a ubiquitin-dependent kinase of MKK and IKK.
Increased dosage of a sir-2 gene extends lifespan in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Success and virulence in Toxoplasma as the result of sexual recombination between two distinct ancestries.
A sperm cytoskeletal protein that signals oocyte meiotic maturation and ovulation.
Single-molecule studies of heterogeneous dynamics in polymer melts near the glass transition.
Localization of long-term memory within the Drosophila mushroom body.
Synaptotagmin modulation of fusion pore kinetics in regulated exocytosis of dense-core vesicles.
Genetic evidence for two species of elephant in Africa.
Liquid crystal alignment on carbonaceous surfaces with orientational order.
Phonon density of states of iron up to 153 gigapascals.
Interaction of the response regulator ARR4 with phytochrome B in modulating red light signaling.
Atomic-resolution in situ transmission electron microscopy of a promoter of a heterogeneous catalyst.
MNK2 Inhibits eIF4G Activation Through a Pathway Involving Serine-ArginineRich Protein Kinase in Skeletal Muscle.
A systematic approach for analysis of peptide array kinome data.
TGF- signaling in endothelial-to-mesenchymal transition: the role of shear stress and primary cilia.
Studying the dynamics of SLP-76, Nck, and Vav1 multimolecular complex formation in live human cells with triple-color FRET.
Rho GEFs and cancer: linking gene expression and metastatic dissemination.
The Tetraspanin CD37 Orchestrates the 41 IntegrinAkt Signaling Axis and Supports Long-Lived Plasma Cell Survival.
Chemoattractant signaling in Dictyostelium: adaptation and amplification.
Phosphorylation of cytohesin-1 by Fyn is required for initiation of myelination and the extent of myelination during development.
Targeted cancer therapy: giving histone deacetylase inhibitors all they need to succeed.
Histone deacetylase inhibitors in the treatment of cancer: overview and perspectives.
An alternative DNA structure is necessary for pilin antigenic variation in Neisseria gonorrhoeae.
Grain boundary defect elimination in a zeolite membrane by rapid thermal processing.
Geometric cue for protein localization in a bacterium.
Biomolecular characterization and protein sequences of the Campanian hadrosaur B. canadensis.
Homogeneous distribution of 26Al in the solar system from the Mg isotopic composition of chondrules.
Real-time observation of carbonic acid formation in aqueous solution.
On universality in human correspondence activity.
Pre-target axon sorting establishes the neural map topography.
Extending universal nodal excitations optimizes superconductivity in Bi2Sr2CaCu2O8+ .
CH stretching excitation in the early barrier F+ CHD3 reaction inhibits CH bond cleavage.
Late Miocene decoupling of oceanic warmth and atmospheric carbon dioxide forcing.
Regulation of ISWI involves inhibitory modules antagonized by nucleosomal epitopes.
Serial translocation by means of circular intermediates underlies colour sidedness in cattle.
Dodecagonal tiling in mesoporous silica.
Heterogeneous pathways and timing of factor departure during translation initiation.
How atomic nuclei cluster.
Identification and characterization of a bacterial hydrosulphide ion channel.
Hard-X-ray emission lines from the decay of 44Ti in the remnant of supernova 1987A.
Light-induced liquid crystallinity.
Dopamine neurons modulate pheromone responses in Drosophila courtship learning.
Exchange-biased quantum tunnelling in a supramolecular dimer of single-molecule magnets.
Single-pulse coherently controlled nonlinear Raman spectroscopy and microscopy.
Alternative pre-mRNA splicing and proteome expansion in metazoans.
Nitric oxide regulates the heart by spatial confinement of nitric oxide synthase isoforms.
Deubiquitination of p53 by HAUSP is an important pathway for p53 stabilization.
VEGF regulates haematopoietic stem cell survival by an internal autocrine loop mechanism.
Probing the free-energy surface for protein folding with single-molecule fluorescence spectroscopy.
Mechanism of regulation of WAVE1-induced actin nucleation by Rac1 and Nck.
Nanotechnology: spinning continuous carbon nanotube yarns.
A plant receptor-like kinase required for both bacterial and fungal symbiosis.
Localized maternal orthodenticle patterns anterior and posterior in the long germ wasp Nasonia.
Increased Arctic cloud longwave emissivity associated with pollution from mid-latitudes.
Bone histology indicates insular dwarfism in a new Late Jurassic sauropod dinosaur.
Petrology and thermal structure of the Hawaiian plume from Mauna Kea volcano.
Silent spread of H5N1 in vaccinated poultry.
The cargo-binding domain regulates structure and activity of myosin 5.
Copper-containing plastocyanin used for electron transport by an oceanic diatom.
Counterfactual quantum computation through quantum interrogation.
CRD-BP mediates stabilization of TrCP1 and c-myc mRNA in response to -catenin signalling.
The cytohesin Steppke is essential for insulin signalling in Drosophila.
Low-energy acoustic plasmons at metal surfaces.
A lipid-based model for the creation of an escape hatch from the endoplasmic reticulum..
Coherent control of optical information with matter wave dynamics.
An intracellular P2X receptor required for osmoregulation in Dictyostelium discoideum.
bicoid RNA localization requires specific binding of an endosomal sorting complex.
Incipient speciation by divergent adaptation and antagonistic epistasis in yeast.
An asteroid breakup 160 Myr ago as the probable source of the K/T impactor.
Quantification of actinide &agr;-radiation damage in minerals and ceramics.
Maintaining a behaviour polymorphism by frequency-dependent selection on a single gene.
Ecology: Global warming and amphibian losses.
Time-reversed lasing and interferometric control of absorption.
Cause and effect in biology revisited: is Mayr's proximate-ultimate dichotomy still useful?.
Impacts of fishing lowtrophic level species on marine ecosystems.
Three-dimensional Anderson localization of ultracold matter.
Effectiveness of early educational intervention.
A synthetic model of the Mn3Ca subsite of the oxygen-evolving complex in photosystem II.
Diminishing returns epistasis among beneficial mutations decelerates adaptation.
The plant cell walldecomposing machinery underlies the functional diversity of forest fungi.
Comparative functional genomics of the fission yeasts.
Phonemic diversity supports a serial founder effect model of language expansion from Africa.
Earthquake rupture dynamics frozen in exhumed ancient faults.
BMP inhibition-driven regulation of six-3 underlies induction of newt lens regeneration.
Insect behaviour: arboreal ants build traps to capture prey.
Mapping stem cell activities in the feather follicle.
An extrasolar giant planet in a close triple-star system.
Plant biochemistry: anthocyanin biosynthesis in roses.
Regional insolation forcing of late Quaternary climate change in the Southern Hemisphere.
Materials science: Build your own superlattice.
High-velocity streams of dust originating from Saturn.
Neurobiology: motor control of flexible octopus arms.
Coherent soft x-ray generation in the water window with quasi-phase matching.
Applications for nuclear phenomena generated by ultra-intense lasers.
Yeast genes that enhance the toxicity of a mutant huntingtin fragment or -synuclein.
A genetic screen in Drosophila for metastatic behavior.
Role of Raf in vascular protection from distinct apoptotic stimuli.
Laser-induced ferroelectric structural order in an organic charge-transfer crystal.
Mammalian brain morphogenesis and midline axon guidance require heparan sulfate.
Diverse plant and animal genetic records from Holocene and Pleistocene sediments.
Interleukin-4 and interleukin-13 signaling connections maps.
Synchroneity of tropical and high-latitude Atlantic temperatures over the last glacial termination.
A critical question for HIV vaccine development: Which antibodies to induce?.
Chemical inhibition of NAT10 corrects defects of laminopathic cells.
Protracted core formation and rapid accretion of protoplanets.
Global anisotropies in TeV cosmic rays related to the sun's local galactic environment from IBEX.
Unfolding the Laws of Star Formation: The Density Distribution of Molecular Clouds.
Nucleoside diphosphate kinases fuel dynamin superfamily proteins with GTP for membrane remodeling.
Neural control of maternal and paternal behaviors.
Changes in seismic anisotropy shed light on the nature of the Gutenberg discontinuity.
Observation of broken time-reversal symmetry in the heavy-fermion superconductor UPt3.
Probing exchange pathways in one-dimensional aggregates with super-resolution microscopy.
The synthesis and evolution of a supermodel.
Trusted Virtual Domains: Secure foundations for business and IT services.
Chitin, cholera, and competence.
An observation of PKJKP: inferences on inner core shear properties.
Island biogeography of populations: an introduced species transforms survival patterns.
Who probes deadliness of China's pig-borne disease.
Suggesting or excluding reviewers can help get your paper published.
The nature of personality: Genes, culture, and national character.
Patents on human genes: an analysis of scope and claims.
Is Katrina a harbinger of still more powerful hurricanes.
An octane-fueled solid oxide fuel cell.
Photosynthetic O2 formation tracked by time-resolved X-ray experiments.
Dilution of the northern North Atlantic Ocean in recent decades.
Insect sex-pheromone signals mediated by specific combinations of olfactory receptors.
Nodulation signaling in legumes requires NSP2, a member of the GRAS family of transcriptional regulators.
Synthesis of a stable compound with fivefold bonding between two chromium (I) centers.
Transient floral change and rapid global warming at the Paleocene-Eocene boundary.
Rigid biological systems as models for synthetic composites.
NSP1 of the GRAS protein family is essential for rhizobial Nod factor-induced transcription.
Heterogeneous Hadean hafnium: evidence of continental crust at 4.4 to 4.5 Ga.
The 2.6 angstrom crystal structure of a human A2A adenosine receptor bound to an antagonist.
In situ formation of an oxygen-evolving catalyst in neutral water containing phosphate and Co2+.
Rare structural variants disrupt multiple genes in neurodevelopmental pathways in schizophrenia.
TDP-43 mutations in familial and sporadic amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Prioritizing climate change adaptation needs for food security in 2030.
Innate immune activation through Nalp3 inflammasome sensing of asbestos and silica.
A high phase-space-density gas of polar molecules.
CTLA-4 control over Foxp3+ regulatory T cell function.
Evolution of mammals and their gut microbes.
Cooling, heating, generating power, and recovering waste heat with thermoelectric systems.
bHLH transcription factor Olig1 is required to repair demyelinated lesions in the CNS.
The Semaphorin 4D receptor Plexin-B1 is a GTPase activating protein for R-Ras.
Regeneration of male germline stem cells by spermatogonial dedifferentiation in vivo.
Nanoparticles: strained and stiff.
Stomatal development and pattern controlled by a MAPKK kinase.
Vesicular glutamate transporters 1 and 2 target to functionally distinct synaptic release sites.
A previously unknown maltose transporter essential for starch degradation in leaves.
Parkinson'sdivergent causes, convergent mechanisms.
Cross-linking cellular prion protein triggers neuronal apoptosis in vivo.
G protein-coupled receptor-dependent development of human frontal cortex.
Dynamic control of chiral space in a catalytic asymmetric reaction using a molecular motor.
A 100,000-year-old ochre-processing workshop at Blombos Cave, South Africa.
Explosive percolation is continuous.
Isotopic signature of N2O produced by marine ammonia-oxidizing archaea.
Drosophila microbiome modulates host developmental and metabolic homeostasis via insulin signaling.
Acceleration of emergence of bacterial antibiotic resistance in connected microenvironments.
Direct observation of nodes and twofold symmetry in FeSe superconductor.
Postfertilization autophagy of sperm organelles prevents paternal mitochondrial DNA transmission.
Rotational symmetry breaking in the hidden-order phase of URu2Si2.
Universal quantum viscosity in a unitary Fermi gas.
The biological impact of mass-spectrometry-based proteomics.
A single type of progenitor cell maintains normal epidermis.
Glycan-based interactions involving vertebrate sialic-acid-recognizing proteins.
Mediators of vascular remodelling co-opted for sequential steps in lung metastasis.
Behavioural improvements with thalamic stimulation after severe traumatic brain injury.
Non-equilibrium coherence dynamics in one-dimensional Bose gases.
Enhanced biological carbon consumption in a high CO2 ocean.
Structure of Dnmt3a bound to Dnmt3L suggests a model for de novo DNA methylation.
Protection of telomeres through independent control of ATM and ATR by TRF2 and POT1.
'Trapped rainbow'storage of light in metamaterials.
The kinesin Klp2 mediates polarization of interphase microtubules in fission yeast.
Reciprocal interference between specific CJD and scrapie agents in neural cell cultures.
Something in the air.
Comment on" avian extinction and mammalian introductions on oceanic islands".
Simple noise may stymie spies without quantum weirdness.
Separation and conversion dynamics of four nuclear spin isomers of ethylene.
Reflecting on another's mind.
Random copying and cultural evolution.
Coral 230Th dating of the imposition of a ritual control hierarchy in precontact Hawaii.
Synthesis and applications of RNAs with position-selective labelling and mosaic composition.
Turning point: Swati Padmaraj.
Shale gas: Hardly a fallacy.
Lenalidomide induces ubiquitination and degradation of CK1 [agr] in del (5q) MDS.
Alexander Rich (1924-2015).
Authorship: Dynamic duos.
Precision measurement: Relativity tested with a split electron.
Origin and evolution of vertebrates.
NIK1-mediated translation suppression functions as a plant antiviral immunity mechanism.
Dynamically reconfigurable complex emulsions via tunable interfacial tensions.
Structures of the bacterial ribosome in classical and hybrid states of tRNA binding.
Synthetic biology: integrated gene circuits.
Itokawa dust particles: a direct link between S-type asteroids and ordinary chondrites.
Challenges and opportunities of open data in ecology.
The large, oxygen-rich halos of star-forming galaxies are a major reservoir of galactic metals.
High-speed atomic force microscopy reveals rotary catalysis of rotorless F1-ATPase.
The shaping of modern human immune systems by multiregional admixture with archaic humans.
Crystal structure of the eukaryotic 60S ribosomal subunit in complex with initiation factor 6.
Second-order selection for evolvability in a large Escherichia coli population.
An experimental study of homophily in the adoption of health behavior.
Structural insights into amino acid binding and gene control by a lysine riboswitch.
Structure of the DNA deaminase domain of the HIV-1 restriction factor APOBEC3G.
Large contribution of sea surface warming to recent increase in Atlantic hurricane activity.
High bacterivory by the smallest phytoplankton in the North Atlantic Ocean.
Distinct roles of the FliI ATPase and proton motive force in bacterial flagellar protein export.
The zinc-finger protein Zelda is a key activator of the early zygotic genome in Drosophila.
SAR11 marine bacteria require exogenous reduced sulphur for growth.
Towards uranium catalysts.
Large tundra methane burst during onset of freezing.
Type IV collagens regulate BMP signalling in Drosophila.
Bacteriophages encode factors required for protection in a symbiotic mutualism.
Observation of half-quantum vortices in an exciton-polariton condensate.
Axon regeneration requires a conserved MAP kinase pathway.
Cellulosic biofuelsgot gasoline.
Nucleosomal fluctuations govern the transcription dynamics of RNA polymerase II.
Control of iron homeostasis by an iron-regulated ubiquitin ligase.
Functional proteomics identify cornichon proteins as auxiliary subunits of AMPA receptors.
Impact of genome reduction on bacterial metabolism and its regulation.
Electronic structure controls reactivity of size-selected Pd clusters adsorbed on TiO2 surfaces.
Seismic evidence for sharp lithosphere-asthenosphere boundaries of oceanic plates.
Climate change: The tipping point of the iceberg.
Leukaemia: niche retreats for stem cells.
Climate change: a nasty surprise in the greenhouse.
Skull of the large non-macrostomatan snake Yurlunggur from the Australian Oligo-Miocene.
Cryptic striations in the upper mantle revealed by hafnium isotopes in southeast Indian ridge basalts.
Thermodynamics: When a phase is born.
Structural biology: antiviral drugs fit for a purpose.
Language: startling starlings.
Lab on a chip: A little goes a long way.
[C] A positive definition of prokaryotes.
Rethinking amide bond synthesis.
Reprogramming transcription by distinct classes of enhancers functionally defined by eRNA.
Innate immune recognition of bacterial ligands by NAIPs determines inflammasome specificity.
Dual functions of Tet1 in transcriptional regulation in mouse embryonic stem cells.
Inhibition of miR-33a/b in non-human primates raises plasma HDL and lowers VLDL triglycerides.
Using induced pluripotent stem cells to investigate cardiac phenotypes in Timothy syndrome.
De novo cardiomyocytes from within the activated adult heart after injury.
Circadian clocks in human red blood cells.
The evolution of gene expression levels in mammalian organs.
Evolution of human BCR-ABL1 lymphoblastic leukaemia-initiating cells.
Social interactions among epithelial cells during tracheal branching morphogenesis.
Optimal reactive vaccination strategies for a foot-and-mouth outbreak in the UK.
Post-mating sexual selection increases lifetime fitness of polyandrous females in the wild.
Structure of the cyclic-AMP-responsive exchange factor Epac2 in its auto-inhibited state.
Gene expression: long-term gene silencing by RNAi.
Hit-and-run planetary collisions.
Two modes of fusion pore opening revealed by cell-attached recordings at a synapse.
A lamprey from the Devonian period of South Africa.
Rad54 protein promotes branch migration of Holliday junctions.
Enforced altruism in insect societies.
The sensitivity of polar ozone depletion to proposed geoengineering schemes.
Surface sites for engineering allosteric control in proteins.
Did cooling oceans trigger Ordovician biodiversification? Evidence from conodont thermometry.
Crops for a salinized world.
Preparing and motivating behavior outside of awareness.
The movement of aquatic mercury through terrestrial food webs.
The coevolution of cultural groups and ingroup favoritism.
Natal homing and connectivity in Atlantic bluefin tuna populations.
Atmospheric CO2 and climate on millennial time scales during the last glacial period.
Risk communication on climate: mental models and mass balance.
Small particles dominate Saturn/'s Phoebe ring to surprisingly large distances.
Structure and mechanism of an active lipid-linked oligosaccharide flippase.
Quantum physics: Squeezed ions in two places at once.
Molecular biology: RNA modification does a regulatory two-step.
A new heart for a new head in vertebrate cardiopharyngeal evolution.
Mechanical induction of the tumorigenic [bgr]-catenin pathway by tumour growth pressure.
Developmental biology: Earn your wings.
Phosphodiesterase 9A controls nitric-oxide-independent cGMP and hypertrophic heart disease.
Illegal trade: Tweak Chinese law to end ivory demand.
Probing spin-charge separation in a Tomonaga-Luttinger liquid.
Nuclear hormone receptor regulation of microRNAs controls developmental progression.
Burst spiking of a single cortical neuron modifies global brain state.
Use-dependent plasticity in clock neurons regulates sleep need in Drosophila.
Dynamic processes governing lower-tropospheric HDO/H2O ratios as observed from space and ground.
Induction of synaptic long-term potentiation after opioid withdrawal.
Secondary replicative function of CD8+ T cells that had developed an effector phenotype.
Generation of medaka fish haploid embryonic stem cells.
From oral to moral..
The epidemiologist's dream: Denmark.
Genetic discrimination: time to act.
Slow but not quite silent.
Comment on" Arsenic mobility and groundwater extraction in Bangladesh"(I).
Response to Comment on" Grasping Primate Origins".
Charting the evolutionary history of life.
Defrosting the carbon freezer of the North.
Playing tricks with slow light.
Myosin motors walk the walk.
Predicting future rewards.
Termination of asymmetric cell division and differentiation of stomata.
The Rab8 GTPase regulates apical protein localization in intestinal cells.
Tip60 is a haplo-insufficient tumour suppressor required for an oncogene-induced DNA damage response.
Talc-bearing serpentinite and the creeping section of the San Andreas fault.
Exploiting the defensive sugars of HIV-1 for drug and vaccine design.
Distinct physiological states of Plasmodium falciparum in malaria-infected patients.
Efficient organic carbon burial in the Bengal fan sustained by the Himalayan erosional system.
Constraint and turnover in sex-biased gene expression in the genus Drosophila.
Regulation of cell cycle progression and gene expression by H2A deubiquitination.
Opioids block long-term potentiation of inhibitory synapses.
Conductance of a single conjugated polymer as a continuous function of its length.
Global observations of the interstellar interaction from the Interstellar Boundary Explorer (IBEX).
A type Isecreted, sulfated peptide triggers XA21-mediated innate immunity.
Fire as an engineering tool of early modern humans.
Selective erasure of a fear memory.
The E3 ligase TRAF6 regulates Akt ubiquitination and activation.
A functional genomics approach reveals CHE as a component of the Arabidopsis circadian clock.
Coupling mechanics to charge transport in carbon nanotube mechanical resonators.
Mechanoenzymatic cleavage of the ultralarge vascular protein von Willebrand factor.
Pleistocene megafaunal collapse, novel plant communities, and enhanced fire regimes in North America.
A reconciled estimate of ice-sheet mass balance.
Candle soot as a template for a transparent robust superamphiphobic coating.
Hydrocarbon separations in a metal-organic framework with open iron (II) coordination sites.
Intestinal inflammation targets cancer-inducing activity of the microbiota.
A common pesticide decreases foraging success and survival in honey bees.
Rapamycin-induced insulin resistance is mediated by mTORC2 loss and uncoupled from longevity.
Multifunctional nanoparticles: cost versus benefit of adding targeting and imaging capabilities.
Pathological -synuclein transmission initiates Parkinson-like neurodegeneration in nontransgenic mice.
Broadband light bending with plasmonic nanoantennas.
Quantitative sequencing of 5-methylcytosine and 5-hydroxymethylcytosine at single-base resolution.
Evidence from massive siderite beds for a CO2-rich atmosphere before~ 1.8 billion years ago.
Direct charging of tRNACUA with pyrrolysine in vitro and in vivo.
Anoikis: cancer and the homeless cell.
Imaging cortical correlates of illusion in early visual cortex.
The transcription factor Ifh1 is a key regulator of yeast ribosomal protein genes.
The transcriptional programme of antibody class switching involves the repressor Bach2.
Hedgehog signalling controls eye degeneration in blind cavefish.
Dephosphorylated SRp38 acts as a splicing repressor in response to heat shock.
Millennial and orbital variations of El Nino/Southern Oscillation and high-latitude climate in the last glacial period.
Pliocene eclogite exhumation at plate tectonic rates in eastern Papua New Guinea.
Biomimetic synthesis and optimization of cyclic peptide antibiotics.
The energy efficiency of formation of photons, radicals and ions during single-bubble cavitation.
Formation of isomorphic Ir3&plus; and Ir4&plus; octamers and spin dimerization in the spinel CuIr2S4.
RGM is a repulsive guidance molecule for retinal axons.
Dark cores in sunspot penumbral filaments.
Global environmental controls of diversity in large herbivores.
Neurotrophin-evoked depolarization requires the sodium channel NaV1. 9.
An abundant erythroid protein that stabilizes free -haemoglobin.
Brain potential and functional MRI evidence for how to handle two languages with one brain.
Climate change (Communication arising): Terrestrial export of organic carbon.
A conserved mechanism of DEAD-box ATPase activation by nucleoporins and InsP6 in mRNA export.
Structural basis of RNA polymerase II backtracking, arrest and reactivation.
Geochemical evidence for widespread euxinia in the Later Cambrian ocean.
Low-energy control of electrical turbulence in the heart.
Structures of APC/CCdh1 with substrates identify Cdh1 and Apc10 as the D-box co-receptor.
Increased soil emissions of potent greenhouse gases under increased atmospheric CO2.
Too many roads not taken.
Transient Hoogsteen base pairs in canonical duplex DNA.
Macrophage skewing by Phd2 haplodeficiency prevents ischaemia by inducing arteriogenesis.
A stress response pathway regulates DNA damage through [bgr] 2-adrenoreceptors and [bgr]-arrestin-1.
A long noncoding RNA protects the heart from pathological hypertrophy.
Mfsd2a is critical for the formation and function of the blood-brain barrier.
Origins and functional evolution of Y chromosomes across mammals.
DNA methylation dynamics of the human preimplantation embryo.
Decoding the regulatory landscape of medulloblastoma using DNA methylation sequencing.
CRISPR-mediated direct mutation of cancer genes in the mouse liver.
Mutational and fitness landscapes of an RNA virus revealed through population sequencing.
Agonist-bound structure of the human P2Y12 receptor.
Phosphorene excites materials scientists.
Structural basis for ubiquitin-mediated antiviral signal activation by RIG-I.
Pressure sensitivity of olivine slip systems and seismic anisotropy of Earth's upper mantle.
An organic thyristor.
Colloid science: Non-spherical bubbles.
Isolation and characterization of a protochordate histocompatibility locus.
Spectroscopic evidence for a lava fountain driven by previously accumulated magmatic gas.
A cytokinesis furrow is positioned by two consecutive signals.
Particle size and energetics of gouge from earthquake rupture zones.
An overview of the descent and landing of the Huygens probe on Titan.
Small vertical movement of a K&plus; channel voltage sensor measured with luminescence energy transfer.
Early developmental arrest of mammalian limbs lacking HoxA/HoxD gene function.
Calibrating the end-Permian mass extinction.
A pericyte origin of spinal cord scar tissue.
RNA mimics of green fluorescent protein.
A map of local adaptation in Arabidopsis thaliana.
A circadian rhythm orchestrated by histone deacetylase 3 controls hepatic lipid metabolism.
Traffic jams reduce hydrolytic efficiency of cellulase on cellulose surface.
Gamma-ray flares from the Crab Nebula.
Early warnings of regime shifts: a whole-ecosystem experiment.
Efficient dehydrogenation of formic acid using an iron catalyst.
SIRT6 promotes DNA repair under stress by activating PARP1.
Germ cell genes and cancer.
Sending African sunlight to Europe, special delivery.
Did modern humans get smart or just get together.
Response to Comments on Narrow Primary Feather Rachises in Confuciusornis and Archaeopteryx Suggest Poor Flight Ability.
TRAF6 and A20 Regulate Lysine 63Linked Ubiquitination of Beclin-1 to Control TLR4-Induced Autophagy.
Conflicting papers on hold as XMRV frenzy reaches new heights.
Achieving scientific eminence within Asia.
A groundbreaking observatory to monitor the environment.
ATM-dependent and-independent dynamics of the nuclear phosphoproteome after DNA damage.
Boron and oxygen isotope evidence for recycling of subducted components over the past 2.5 Gyr.
A runaway collision in a young star cluster as the origin of the brightest supernova.
Ageing: from stem to stern.
Palaeontology: Embryonic identity crisis.
Fisheries: nets versus nature.
Simple switch turns cells embryonic.
High-density memory: a switch in time.
Neurobiology: new order for thought disorders.
Fishing for certainty.
Mathematical physics: First encounters.
Correlated bursts of activity in the neonatal hippocampus in vivo.
Extension of life-span in Caenorhabditis elegans by a diet lacking coenzyme Q.
Discounting and reciprocity in an iterated prisoner's dilemma.
Structural studies of several distinct metastable forms of amorphous ice.
Atomic-level observation of disclination dipoles in mechanically milled, nanocrystalline Fe.
A selective advantage to immigrant genes in a Daphnia metapopulation.
Organic molecules acting as templates on metal surfaces.
Chromium isotopes and the fate of hexavalent chromium in the environment.
Direct determination of the timing of sea level change during Termination II.
A SN2 reaction that avoids its deep potential energy minimum.
A phase diagram for jammed matter.
Resistance to therapy caused by intragenic deletion in BRCA2.
Essential roles of PI (3) Kp110&bgr; in cell growth, metabolism and tumorigenesis.
Broadband observations of the naked-eye &ggr;-ray burst GRB 080319B.
Rapid cloning of high-affinity human monoclonal antibodies against influenza virus.
Drosophila odorant receptors are both ligand-gated and cyclic-nucleotide-activated cation channels.
Scaling laws of marine predator search behaviour.
Somatic and germline activating mutations of the ALK kinase receptor in neuroblastoma.
Sex determination involves synergistic action of SRY and SF1 on a specific Sox9 enhancer.
The presence of methane in the atmosphere of an extrasolar planet.
Intrinsic light response of retinal horizontal cells of teleosts.
Biogeochemistry: Less nickel for more oxygen.
Darwin 200: Should scientists study race and IQ? NO: Science and society do not benefit.
Optics: All smoke and metamaterials.
Obesity: Be cool, lose weight.
Evolutionary biology: speciation.
Darwin's last laugh.
142Nd evidence for an enriched Hadean reservoir in cratonic roots.
Breakdown of the BardeenCooperSchrieffer ground state at a quantum phase transition.
News Lighter sentence for murderer with'bad genes'.
A recessive mutation in the APP gene with dominant-negative effect on amyloidogenesis.
Plant-microbe interactions: chemical diversity in plant defense.
Germline P granules are liquid droplets that localize by controlled dissolution/condensation.
Light-induced spontaneous magnetization in doped colloidal quantum dots.
Structure and mechanism of an amino acid antiporter.
Ligand-dependent equilibrium fluctuations of single calmodulin molecules.
Strategic reading, ontologies, and the future of scientific publishing.
A high-resolution structure of the pre-microRNA nuclear export machinery.
Essential role of the glycosyltransferase sxc/Ogt in polycomb repression.
Coat variation in the domestic dog is governed by variants in three genes.
Outgassing from Amazonian rivers and wetlands as a large tropical source of atmospheric CO2.
A molecular programme for the specification of germ cell fate in mice.
A transcription factor response element for gene expression during circadian night.
Crystal structure of a bacterial RNA polymerase holoenzyme at 2.6  resolution.
Absolute comparison of simulated and experimental protein-folding dynamics.
Dominant role of the niche in melanocyte stem-cell fate determination.
Post-translational disruption of dystroglycanligand interactions in congenital muscular dystrophies.
Cultivation of the ubiquitous SAR11 marine bacterioplankton clade.
Neuropsychology: Stimulating illusory own-body perceptions.
The genome sequence and structure of rice chromosome 1.
A neoplastic gene fusion mimics trans-splicing of RNAs in normal human cells.
The epigenetic landscape of plants.
Detection of GTP-tubulin conformation in vivo reveals a role for GTP remnants in microtubule rescues.
A molecular clutch disables flagella in the Bacillus subtilis biofilm.
Modafinil shifts human locus coeruleus to low-tonic, high-phasic activity during functional MRI.
A conserved mutation in an ethylene biosynthesis enzyme leads to andromonoecy in melons.
The Cassiopeia A supernova was of type IIb.
Termination factor Rho and its cofactors NusA and NusG silence foreign DNA in E. coli.
Water activity and the challenge for life on early Mars.
Orientation of solution-grown silicon nanowires.
Neurodegeneration prevented by lentiviral vector delivery of GDNF in primate models of Parkinson's disease.
Hematopoietic stem cell quiescence maintained by p21cip1/waf1.
Generating solitons by phase engineering of a Bose-Einstein condensate.
Central role for G protein-coupled phosphoinositide 3-kinase  in inflammation.
Inhibitors of strand transfer that prevent integration and inhibit HIV-1 replication in cells.
Full three-dimensional photonic bandgap crystals at near-infrared wavelengths.
The catalytic pathway of cytochrome P450cam at atomic resolution.
Translocation of Helicobacter pylori CagA into gastric epithelial cells by type IV secretion.
A whole-genome assembly of Drosophila.
Cryptic genetic variation promotes rapid evolutionary adaptation in an RNA enzyme.
An earlier origin for the Acheulian.
Supermassive black holes do not correlate with dark matter haloes of galaxies.
Evolution and metabolic significance of the urea cycle in photosynthetic diatoms.
Excitation-induced ataxin-3 aggregation in neurons from patients with Machado-Joseph disease.
Metabolic priming by a secreted fungal effector.
Biomimetic self-templating supramolecular structures.
Cross-dressed dendritic cells drive memory CD8+ T-cell activation after viral infection.
Stepwise evolution of stable sociality in primates.
Hf-W-Th evidence for rapid growth of Mars and its status as a planetary embryo.
Structural mechanism of abscisic acid binding and signaling by dimeric PYR1.
IL-21R on T cells is critical for sustained functionality and control of chronic viral infection.
Assessment of undiscovered oil and gas in the Arctic.
The automation of science.
Benzothiazinones kill Mycobacterium tuberculosis by blocking arabinan synthesis.
Innate and adaptive immunity cooperate flexibly to maintain host-microbiota mutualism.
Loss of function of a proline-containing protein confers durable disease resistance in rice.
Tracking long-distance songbird migration by using geolocators.
Poly (ADP-ribose)dependent regulation of DNA repair by the chromatin remodeling enzyme ALC1.
A kinase-START gene confers temperature-dependent resistance to wheat stripe rust.
Cell lineage reconstruction of early zebrafish embryos using label-free nonlinear microscopy.
Switched magnetospheric regulation of pulsar spin-down.
Unicellular cyanobacterial distributions broaden the oceanic N2 fixation domain.
Widespread divergence between incipient Anopheles gambiae species revealed by whole genome sequences.
Sustainability and global seafood.
Deglacial meltwater pulse 1B and Younger Dryas sea levels revisited with boreholes at Tahiti.
The calcium store sensor, STIM1, reciprocally controls Orai and CaV1. 2 channels.
PML regulates apoptosis at endoplasmic reticulum by modulating calcium release.
Particle acceleration on megaparsec scales in a merging galaxy cluster.
Granulosa cell ligand NPPC and its receptor NPR2 maintain meiotic arrest in mouse oocytes.
An asymmetric shock wave in the 2006 outburst of the recurrent nova RS Ophiuchi.
Survival of a brown dwarf after engulfment by a red giant star.
Methane drizzle on Titan.
A linguistic model for the rational design of antimicrobial peptides.
A basal tyrannosauroid dinosaur from the Late Jurassic of China.
The tumour suppressor Hippo acts with the NDR kinases in dendritic tiling and maintenance.
The reversibility of mitotic exit in vertebrate cells.
Widespread active detachment faulting and core complex formation near 13 N on the Mid-Atlantic Ridge.
Diversity without representation.
Parametric oscillation in vertical triple microcavities.
Atmospheric CO2: Principal control knob governing Earth's temperature.
Academic language and the challenge of reading.
Noise can induce bimodality in positive transcriptional feedback loops without bistability.
Genetic restoration of the Florida panther.
Why testing improves memory: Mediator effectiveness hypothesis.
Cbln1 is a ligand for an orphan glutamate receptor 2, a bidirectional synapse organizer.
Asian monsoon transport of pollution to the stratosphere.
Thought for food: Imagined consumption reduces actual consumption.
Structure of an RNA polymerase IITFIIB complex and the transcription initiation mechanism.
Structure of a eukaryotic CLC transporter defines an intermediate state in the transport cycle.
Global patterns of speciation and diversity.
Trench-parallel anisotropy produced by serpentine deformation in the hydrated mantle wedge.
Entangled mechanical oscillators.
Existence of collisional trajectories of Mercury, Mars and Venus with the Earth.
Enhanced lithium depletion in Sun-like stars with orbiting planets.
Mechanisms promoting translocations in editing and switching peripheral B cells.
Casein kinase 1&agr; governs antigen-receptor-induced NF-&kgr; B activation and human lymphoma cell survival.
Histone H2A. Z cooperates with RNAi and heterochromatin factors to suppress antisense RNAs.
Identification of the pollen self-incompatibility determinant in Papaver rhoeas.
Structural basis for biosynthetic programming of fungal aromatic polyketide cyclization.
NRT/PTR transporters are essential for translocation of glucosinolate defence compounds to seeds.
Tet1 controls meiosis by regulating meiotic gene expression.
Skin shedding and tissue regeneration in African spiny mice (Acomys).
Subnanometre-resolution structure of the intact Thermus thermophilus H+-driven ATP synthase.
Structural plasticity and dynamic selectivity of acid-sensing ion channel-spider toxin complexes.
[C] Predatory publishers are corrupting open access..
Hsp72 preserves muscle function and slows progression of severe muscular dystrophy.
The TEL patch of telomere protein TPP1 mediates telomerase recruitment and processivity.
Superflares on solar-type stars.
Increased proteasome activity in human embryonic stem cells is regulated by PSMD11.
The initiation of liver development is dependent on Foxa transcription factors.
Glyoxalase 1 and glutathione reductase 1 regulate anxiety in mice.
Field regulation of single-molecule conductivity by a charged surface atom.
Polar ocean ecosystems in a changing world.
Contributions of an avian basal gangliaforebrain circuit to real-time modulation of song.
Molecular diversity and ecology of microbial plankton.
Microwave devices: Carbon nanotubes as cold cathodes.
Unidirectional molecular motor on a gold surface.
Chromosome nondisjunction yields tetraploid rather than aneuploid cells in human cell lines.
The zinc finger transcription factor Th-POK regulates CD4 versus CD8 T-cell lineage commitment.
Comparative genomics: Two worms are better than one.
Immunology: Fast and feel good?.
The system rewards a dishonest approach.
Planetary science (communication arising): Volcanism or aqueous alteration on Mars?.
Cell biology: tumour jailbreak.
Sociology (communication arising (reply)): The puzzle of human cooperation.
Cancer: Protective packaging for DNA.
Planetary science: Kuiper-belt interlopers.
Molecular biology: A fix for RNA.
Cell biology: the molecules that make muscle.
Adapting proteostasis for disease intervention.
Frequency ratio of Al+ and Hg+ single-ion optical clocks; metrology at the 17th decimal place.
Genetic mapping in human disease.
Selective blockade of microRNA processing by Lin28.
Antisocial punishment across societies.
H2S as a physiologic vasorelaxant: hypertension in mice with deletion of cystathionine -lyase.
A phylogenomic study of birds reveals their evolutionary history.
Insights into current limitations of density functional theory.
A global view of gene activity and alternative splicing by deep sequencing of the human transcriptome.
The Physcomitrella genome reveals evolutionary insights into the conquest of land by plants.
Serum retinol binding protein 4 contributes to insulin resistance in obesity and type 2 diabetes.
Systematic discovery of regulatory motifs in human promoters and 3 UTRs by comparison of several mammals.
Genes that mediate breast cancer metastasis to lung.
Interfaces and the driving force of hydrophobic assembly.
General observation of n-type field-effect behaviour in organic semiconductors.
Functional cartography of complex metabolic networks.
Cardif is an adaptor protein in the RIG-I antiviral pathway and is targeted by hepatitis C virus.
Micrometre-scale silicon electro-optic modulator.
Towards complete cofactor arrangement in the 3.0  resolution structure of photosystem II.
Genome sequence, comparative analysis and haplotype structure of the domestic dog.
Single artificial-atom lasing.
Tibetan plateau aridification linked to global cooling at the EoceneOligocene transition.
Experimental and theoretical study of mitotic spindle orientation.
Doushantuo embryos preserved inside diapause egg cysts.
Transformation and diversification in early mammal evolution.
The epidermis both drives and restricts plant shoot growth.
Interference between two indistinguishable electrons from independent sources.
Neanderthals in central Asia and Siberia.
Gene duplication and the adaptive evolution of a classic genetic switch.
Rag mutations reveal robust alternative end joining.
Structural diversity in binary nanoparticle superlattices.
Mechanisms linking obesity with cardiovascular disease.
The distillation and volatility of ionic liquids.
The stem-cell niche as an entity of action.
Microfluidic diagnostic technologies for global public health.
Ge/Si nanowire heterostructures as high-performance field-effect transistors.
Developing optofluidic technology through the fusion of microfluidics and optics.
Empathic neural responses are modulated by the perceived fairness of others.
A genomic code for nucleosome positioning.
Histone demethylation by a family of JmjC domain-containing proteins.
Optimizing the laser-pulse configuration for coherent Raman spectroscopy.
Structure of the membrane protein FhaC: a member of the Omp85-TpsB transporter superfamily.
Candidatus Chloracidobacterium thermophilum: an aerobic phototrophic acidobacterium.
DNA double-strand breaks trigger genome-wide sister-chromatid cohesion through Eco1 (Ctf7).
Menin controls growth of pancreatic -cells in pregnant mice and promotes gestational diabetes mellitus.
Observation of Berry's phase in a solid-state qubit.
Wasp gene expression supports an evolutionary link between maternal behavior and eusociality.
Crystal structures of Fe2+ dioxygenase superoxo, alkylperoxo, and bound product intermediates.
Molecular and genomic data identify the closest living relative of primates.
Localization of a stable neural correlate of associative memory.
The let-7-Imp axis regulates ageing of the Drosophila testis stem-cell niche.
Structural and functional conservation of key domains in InsP3 and ryanodine receptors.
Mid-infrared frequency comb based on a quantum cascade laser.
Early differentiation and volatile accretion recorded in deep-mantle neon and xenon.
Fractal morphology, imaging and mass spectrometry of single aerosol particles in flight.
Maternal and paternal genomes contribute equally to the transcriptome of early plant embryos.
A perovskitic lower mantle inferred from high-pressure, high-temperature sound velocity data.
Recent Antarctic Peninsula warming relative to Holocene climate and ice-shelf history.
Nanostructure-enhanced atomic line emission.
A PPAR [ggr]-FGF1 axis is required for adaptive adipose remodelling and metabolic homeostasis.
Graphene-based composite materials.
Reciprocal developmental pathways for the generation of pathogenic effector TH17 and regulatory T cells.
The plant immune system.
Inflammation and metabolic disorders.
Multiferroic and magnetoelectric materials.
The origins and the future of microfluidics.
Global variation in copy number in the human genome.
Glioma stem cells promote radioresistance by preferential activation of the DNA damage response.
An obesity-associated gut microbiome with increased capacity for energy harvest.
Resveratrol improves health and survival of mice on a high-calorie diet.
Ancestral polyploidy in seed plants and angiosperms.
Systemic risk in banking ecosystems.
TET1 and hydroxymethylcytosine in transcription and DNA methylation fidelity.
CRISPR RNA maturation by trans-encoded small RNA and host factor RNase III.
A luminous quasar at a redshift of z= 7.085.
Modelling the long QT syndrome with induced pluripotent stem cells.
Induction of human neuronal cells by defined transcription factors.
High-frequency, scaled graphene transistors on diamond-like carbon.
Integrative genomics identifies MCU as an essential component of the mitochondrial calcium uniporter.
Quantum simulation of antiferromagnetic spin chains in an optical lattice.
Calibrating the cryogenian.
Relating introspective accuracy to individual differences in brain structure.
Self-assembled M24L48 polyhedra and their sharp structural switch upon subtle ligand variation.
Network diversity and economic development.
Insight into the mechanism of the influenza A proton channel from a structure in a lipid bilayer.
Tau reduction prevents A-induced defects in axonal transport.
Iron-clad fibers: a metal-based biological strategy for hard flexible coatings.
Sex-specific parent-of-origin allelic expression in the mouse brain.
Lateral transfer of genes from fungi underlies carotenoid production in aphids.
Tuberculous granuloma induction via interaction of a bacterial secreted protein with host epithelium.
CD2-associated protein haploinsufficiency is linked to glomerular disease susceptibility.
Inhibited and uninhibited infants" grown up": adult amygdalar response to novelty.
Identification of a testicular odorant receptor mediating human sperm chemotaxis.
Prevention of organ allograft rejection by a specific Janus kinase 3 inhibitor.
Climate and management contributions to recent trends in US agricultural yields.
Atomic memory for correlated photon states.
Experimental models of primitive cellular compartments: encapsulation, growth, and division.
Resurrecting the ancestral steroid receptor: ancient origin of estrogen signaling.
Enhancing gene targeting with designed zinc finger nucleases.
Genetics and the specificity of the aging process.
Modelled atmospheric temperatures and global sea levels over the past million years.
The receptors and coding logic for bitter taste.
Protection of macaques from vaginal SHIV challenge by vaginally delivered inhibitors of viruscell fusion.
An origin for short -ray bursts unassociated with current star formation.
Regulated cell-to-cell variation in a cell-fate decision system.
EphB receptor activity suppresses colorectal cancer progression.
The vacuolar Ca2&plus;-activated channel TPC1 regulates germination and stomatal movement.
Theoretical mechanics: Crowd synchrony on the Millennium Bridge.
Chaperone release and unfolding of substrates in type III secretion.
Dynamics of Drosophila embryonic patterning network perturbed in space and time using microfluidics.
Interface engineering of highly efficient perovskite solar cells.
Genome-scale CRISPR-Cas9 knockout screening in human cells.
Genetic screens in human cells using the CRISPR-Cas9 system.
Genomic surveillance elucidates Ebola virus origin and transmission during the 2014 outbreak.
Order of magnitude smaller limit on the electric dipole moment of the electron.
A hole-conductorfree, fully printable mesoscopic perovskite solar cell with high stability.
Discovery of a three-dimensional topological Dirac semimetal, Na3Bi.
Status and ecological effects of the world's largest carnivores.
The parable of Google Flu: traps in big data analysis.
Precise and ultrafast molecular sieving through graphene oxide membranes.
Crime, culpability and the adolescent brain.
Mounting lab accidents raise SARS fears.
Watching the nanograins roll.
Pheromone signaling mechanisms in yeast: a prototypical sex machine.
Three-dimensional polarimetric imaging of coronal mass ejections.
Viscosity of fluids in subduction zones.
Minimal machinery of RNA polymerase holoenzyme sufficient for promoter melting.
A Marketplace in the Brain?.
Climatic control of riverine and seawater uranium-isotope ratios.
Integrins, rafts, rac, and rho.
Chromatin-modifying enzymes as modulators of reprogramming.
An Earth-mass planet orbiting [agr] Centauri B.
Flexible metal-oxide devices made by room-temperature photochemical activation of sol-gel films.
Transformation by the (R)-enantiomer of 2-hydroxyglutarate linked to EGLN activation.
A III-V nanowire channel on silicon for high-performance vertical transistors.
Dysfunction of lipid sensor GPR120 leads to obesity in both mouse and human.
A single-atom electron spin qubit in silicon.
PPAR-[ggr] is a major driver of the accumulation and phenotype of adipose tissue Treg cells.
Widespread adoption of Bt cotton and insecticide decrease promotes biocontrol services.
How cancer metabolism is tuned for proliferation and vulnerable to disruption.
DNA damage activates ATM through intermolecular autophosphorylation and dimer dissociation.
Systematic functional analysis of the Caenorhabditis elegans genome using RNAi.
Rapid worldwide depletion of predatory fish communities.
Interleukin-23 rather than interleukin-12 is the critical cytokine for autoimmune inflammation of the brain.
Identification of the haematopoietic stem cell niche and control of the niche size.
Evolving concepts of rheumatoid arthritis.
Single-nanowire electrically driven lasers.
The nature of human altruism.
High-Q photonic nanocavity in a two-dimensional photonic crystal.
Oceanography: anthropogenic carbon and ocean pH.
Drosophila cryptochromes: a unique circadian-rhythm photoreceptor.
Pressure-induced changes in the compression mechanism of aluminous perovskite in the Earth's mantle.
Controlled surface charging as a depth-profiling probe for mesoscopic layers.
Aquatic ecology: Phosphorus, the staff of life.
Role of sea surface temperature and soil-moisture feedback in the 1998 OklahomaTexas drought.
Temporal patterns of human cortical activity reflect tone sequence structure.
Encoding of movement time by populations of cerebellar Purkinje cells.
Oncogene inactivation in a mouse model.
Landsat reveals China's farmland reserves, but they're vanishing fast.
Translation: The twenty-first amino acid.
Toward extracting all phylogenetic information from matrices of evolutionary distances.
Comment on the paleobiology and classification of Ardipithecus ramidus.
Ocean acidification unprecedented, unsettling.
Meiotic recombination provokes functional activation of the p53 regulatory network.
Dynamical instability produces transform faults at mid-ocean ridges.
The Nile Delta's sinking future.
A giant planet around a metal-poor star of extragalactic origin.
Feeding the future.
Sex determination in the social amoeba Dictyostelium discoideum.
Two pairs of neurons in the central brain control Drosophila innate light preference.
Sea level rise during past 40 years determined from satellite and in situ observations.
Calcium signaling by HBx protein in hepatitis B virus DNA replication.
A three-dimensional synthetic metallic crystal composed of single-component molecules.
Spherical bilayer vesicles of fullerene-based surfactants in water: a laser light scattering study.
Selective transcription and modulation of resting T cell activity by preintegrated HIV DNA.
Chromosome dynamics in the yeast interphase nucleus.
Production of refractory dissolved organic matter by bacteria.
Tumor therapy with targeted atomic nanogenerators.
Costs and benefits of high mutation rates: adaptive evolution of bacteria in the mouse gut.
Climatic impact of tropical lowland deforestation on nearby montane cloud forests.
Neurons for hunger and thirst transmit a negative-valence teaching signal.
Cell biology: Tagged tags engage disposal.
Materials science: Gating mechanism under pressure.
Frontiers in biology.
Chemical biology: How to minimalize antibodies.
Corrigendum: Three keys to the radiation of angiosperms into freezing environments.
Experimental constraints on the electrical anisotropy of the lithosphere-asthenosphere system.
Cancer: Precise control of localized signals.
Regional astrocyte allocation regulates CNS synaptogenesis and repair.
Versatility from protein disorder.
Crystal structure of human enterovirus 71.
Content-specific fronto-parietal synchronization during visual working memory.
Stop signals provide cross inhibition in collective decision-making by honeybee swarms.
Uniform ripening encodes a Golden 2-like transcription factor regulating tomato fruit chloroplast development.
Network context and selection in the evolution to enzyme specificity.
The role and implications of bassanite as a stable precursor phase to gypsum precipitation.
Molecular architecture and assembly principles of Vibrio cholerae biofilms.
ESCRT-III governs the Aurora Bmediated abscission checkpoint through CHMP4C.
Multi-omics of permafrost, active layer and thermokarst bog soil microbiomes.
Neuroscience: Total recall, welcome oblivion.
Cell metabolism: Sugar for sight.
Biodiversity increases the resistance of ecosystem productivity to climate extremes.
Cell signalling: Disarming Wnt.
Long-lived magnetism from solidification-driven convection on the pallasite parent body.
Conversion of abiraterone to D4A drives anti-tumour activity in prostate cancer.
Outback palms: Aboriginal myth meets DNA analysis.
Catalysis: Gold unleashes the power of three.
Visualizing transient Watson-Crick-like mispairs in DNA and RNA duplexes.
Ultrafast flash thermal conductance of molecular chains.
The maternal-zygotic transition: death and birth of RNAs.
Regulation of replication fork progression through histone supply and demand.
Genome-wide experimental determination of barriers to horizontal gene transfer.
Quantitative mass spectrometry identifies insulin signaling targets in C. elegans.
Social components of fitness in primate groups.
Emerging challenges in regulatory T cell function and biology.
A melanocortin 1 receptor allele suggests varying pigmentation among Neanderthals.
Mechanism of two classes of cancer mutations in the phosphoinositide 3-kinase catalytic subunit.
Fortnightly variations in the flow velocity of Rutford Ice Stream, West Antarctica.
Self-incompatibility in Papaver targets soluble inorganic pyrophosphatases in pollen.
Stem-cell therapies for blood diseases.
Marine natural products: Drugs from the deep.
Feline friend or potential foe?.
Cancer: the root of the problem.
No signature of clear CO2 ice from the 'cryptic'regions in Mars' south seasonal polar cap.
Agriculture and environment: How green was my subsidy?.
Biopolymers: shape memory in spider draglines.
Cancer: off by a whisker.
Whole-genome patterns of common DNA variation in three human populations.
Inhibition of translational initiation by Let-7 MicroRNA in human cells.
The kinase LKB1 mediates glucose homeostasis in liver and therapeutic effects of metformin.
Transduction of receptor signals by -arrestins.
MicroRNA expression in zebrafish embryonic development.
The genome of the African trypanosome Trypanosoma brucei.
The widespread impact of mammalian MicroRNAs on mRNA repression and evolution.
Extension of murine life span by overexpression of catalase targeted to mitochondria.
Accurate multiplex polony sequencing of an evolved bacterial genome.
Comparative metagenomics of microbial communities.
Proterozoic ocean chemistry and evolution: a bioinorganic bridge?.
Postsynaptic signaling and plasticity mechanisms.
A combined experimental and computational strategy to define protein interaction networks for peptide recognition modules.
Activation of orphan receptors by the hormone relaxin.
Control of the selectivity of the aquaporin water channel family by global orientational tuning.
Induction of cachexia in mice by systemically administered myostatin.
Vitamin D receptor as an intestinal bile acid sensor.
Direct observation of internal spin structure of magnetic vortex cores.
Stimulated Raman scattering in hydrogen-filled hollow-core photonic crystal fiber.
DNA repair pathway stimulated by the forkhead transcription factor FOXO3a through the Gadd45 protein.
Intrinsic dynamics of an enzyme underlies catalysis.
Scientists behaving badly.
Licensing of natural killer cells by host major histocompatibility complex class I molecules.
Nonlinear elasticity in biological gels.
Deletion of active ADAMTS5 prevents cartilage degradation in a murine model of osteoarthritis.
Avian flu: isolation of drug-resistant H5N1 virus.
CD36 is a sensor of diacylglycerides.
Recognition of transmembrane helices by the endoplasmic reticulum translocon.
Role of cholesterol and lipid organization in disease.
Toll-like receptor 3 promotes cross-priming to virus-infected cells.
Human gut Bacteroidetes can utilize yeast mannan through a selfish mechanism.
Therapy-induced tumour secretomes promote resistance and tumour progression.
 ID .
[C] Microscopy: Quantum control of free electrons.
Selective small-molecule inhibition of an RNA structural element.
Nanoparticle biointerfacing by platelet membrane cloaking.
Pugh et al. reply.
Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko sheds dust coat accumulated over the past four years.
Fatty acid carbon is essential for dNTP synthesis in endothelial cells.
Protein synthesis by ribosomes with tethered subunits.
Leverage points for improving global food security and the environment.
Mating induces shrinking and death in Caenorhabditis mothers.
MurJ is the flippase of lipid-linked precursors for peptidoglycan biogenesis.
Proliferation of cells with HIV integrated into cancer genes contributes to persistent infection.
Conformational dynamics of single HIV-1 envelope trimers on the surface of native virions.
A photoinduced metal-like phase of monoclinic VO2 revealed by ultrafast electron diffraction.
Free-standing single-atom-thick iron membranes suspended in graphene pores.
In situ TEM imaging of CaCO3 nucleation reveals coexistence of direct and indirect pathways.
The intergenerational transmission of inequality: Maternal disadvantage and health at birth.
Facet development during platinum nanocube growth.
Separable roles for rent1/hUpf1 in altered splicing and decay of nonsense transcripts.
Neuropeptides and peptide hormones in Anopheles gambiae.
Neural and immunological synaptic relations.
Biosynthesis of the enediyne antitumor antibiotic C-1027.
Cooperation of GGAs and AP-1 in packaging MPRs at the trans-Golgi network.
Molecular hydrogen as an energy source for Helicobacter pylori.
Identification of a DNA nonhomologous end-joining complex in bacteria.
Mineral surface control of organic carbon in black shale.
Plants compared to animals: the broadest comparative study of development.
An overview of insecticide resistance.
Biological imaging: Beyond fluorescence.
Anthrax toxins cooperatively inhibit endocytic recycling by the Rab11/Sec15 exocyst.
Transcriptional activation of polycomb-repressed genes by ZRF1.
Nanoscience: Dark-hot resonances.
Structure and mechanism of the S component of a bacterial ECF transporter.
Blood-vessel formation: Bridges that guide and unite.
Origin of Saturn/'s rings and inner moons by mass removal from a lost Titan-sized satellite.
Nonlinear dynamics: Optoelectronic chaos.
High-temperature superconductivity: Mind the pseudogap.
Coupled spatial variations in precipitation and long-term erosion rates across the Washington Cascades.
Explosives: A microsensor for trinitrotoluene vapour.
Observing brownian motion in vibration-fluidized granular matter.
Cranial skeletal biology.
The methylated component of the Neurospora crassa genome.
Functional genetic analysis of mouse chromosome 11.
A spatially organized representation of colour in macaque cortical area V2.
Positioning of follicular dendritic cells within the spleen controls prion neuroinvasion.
Human evolution: out of Ethiopia.
A cell surface receptor mediates extracellular Ca2&plus; sensing in guard cells.
Chimeric nucleases stimulate gene targeting in human cells.
Biological networks: the tinkerer as an engineer.
Nitriding iron at lower temperatures.
Genetic evidence for local retention of pelagic larvae in a Caribbean reef fish.
Extending the upper temperature limit for life.
A chemical route to carbon nanoscrolls.
Nuclear membrane proteins with potential disease links found by subtractive proteomics.
Maintenance of stable heterochromatin domains by dynamic HP1 binding.
Identification of Hedgehog pathway components by RNAi in Drosophila cultured cells.
Polyubiquitination of p53 by a ubiquitin ligase activity of p300.
Spin-dependent WIMP limits from a bubble chamber.
Environmental genomics reveals a single-species ecosystem deep within Earth.
Automatic mental associations predict future choices of undecided decision-makers.
Predictive behavior within microbial genetic networks.
Canonical Wnt signaling regulates organ-specific assembly and differentiation of CNS vasculature.
Efficient inhibition of the Alzheimer's disease -secretase by membrane targeting.
Global protein stability profiling in mammalian cells.
Micelles protect membrane complexes from solution to vacuum.
Metasomatized lithosphere and the origin of alkaline lavas.
Patches with links: a unified system for processing faces in the macaque temporal lobe.
How fast was wild wheat domesticated?.
Isotopic compositions of cometary matter returned by Stardust.
Energy deregulation: licensing tumors to grow.
MC1R germline variants confer risk for BRAF-mutant melanoma.
Regulation of sexual development of Plasmodium by translational repression.
Antibiotic stress induces genetic transformability in the human pathogen Streptococcus pneumoniae.
Receptor activation alters inner surface potential during phagocytosis.
Autophagic fungal cell death is necessary for infection by the rice blast fungus.
Brassinosteroids regulate dissociation of BKI1, a negative regulator of BRI1 signaling, from the plasma membrane.
Rapid uplift of the Altiplano revealed through 13C-18O bonds in paleosol carbonates.
Impaired control of IRES-mediated translation in X-linked dyskeratosis congenita.
Genome-wide prediction of C. elegans genetic interactions.
PirB restricts ocular-dominance plasticity in visual cortex.
Photoproduction of proton gradients with -stacked fluorophore scaffolds in lipid bilayers.
Genome-wide detection of polymorphisms at nucleotide resolution with a single DNA microarray.
Frictional afterslip following the 2005 Nias-Simeulue earthquake, Sumatra.
Crystal structure of the rabies virus nucleoprotein-RNA complex.
Living cells as test tubes.
Long-term sustainability of a high-energy, low-diversity crustal biome.
Brownian motion of an ellipsoid.
Low-magnetic-field control of electric polarization vector in a helimagnet.
Natural selection shapes genome-wide patterns of copy-number polymorphism in Drosophila melanogaster.
Amyloid- dynamics correlate with neurological status in the injured human brain.
An Argonaute transports siRNAs from the cytoplasm to the nucleus.
Optical switches for remote and noninvasive control of cell signaling.
Forests of the past: a window to future changes.
Observations of intergranular stress corrosion cracking in a grain-mapped polycrystal.
Essential cytoplasmic translocation of a cytokine receptorassembled signaling complex.
Stellar feedback in dwarf galaxy formation.
Leading-edge vortex improves lift in slow-flying bats.
Deterministic coupling of single quantum dots to single nanocavity modes.
Sulfates in Martian layered terrains: the OMEGA/Mars Express view.
The importance of land-cover change in simulating future climates.
Rapid acidification of the ocean during the Paleocene-Eocene thermal maximum.
A comprehensive survey of the Plasmodium life cycle by genomic, transcriptomic, and proteomic analyses.
Single, rapid coastal settlement of Asia revealed by analysis of complete mitochondrial genomes.
Noise propagation in gene networks.
Direct experimental evidence of a growing length scale accompanying the glass transition.
Interindividual variation in posture allocation: possible role in human obesity.
Escape of intracellular Shigella from autophagy.
Exit from dormancy provokes DNA-damage-induced attrition in haematopoietic stem cells.
[C] Conservation management: Citizen science is not enough on its own.
An excerpt from Dying For Dummies (2020).
Cytosolic extensions directly regulate a rhomboid protease by modulating substrate gating.
Q&A: Charles Michener.
Listings: Science in culture 2015.
Differential DNA mismatch repair underlies mutation rate variation across the human genome.
A comprehensive phylogeny of birds (Aves) using targeted next-generation DNA sequencing.
Quantum physics: Atomic doughnuts from single photons.
Protective astrogenesis from the SVZ niche after injury is controlled by Notch modulator Thbs4.
Coherent Raman spectro-imaging with laser frequency combs.
BACH2 represses effector programs to stabilize Treg-mediated immune homeostasis.
orco mutant mosquitoes lose strong preference for humans and are not repelled by volatile DEET.
Central role of E3 ubiquitin ligase MG53 in insulin resistance and metabolic disorders.
Laser cooling of a semiconductor by 40 kelvin.
The pluripotent genome in three dimensions is shaped around pluripotency factors.
An anti-glitch in a magnetar.
Genomic evidence for ameiotic evolution in the bdelloid rotifer Adineta vaga.
Second sound and the superfluid fraction in a Fermi gas with resonant interactions.
Requirement of JNK for stress-induced activation of the cytochrome c-mediated death pathway.
High-speed electrically actuated elastomers with strain greater than 100%.
Comparative genomics of the eukaryotes.
Dopaminergic loss and inclusion body formation in -synuclein mice: implications for neurodegenerative disorders.
Efficient initiation of HCV RNA replication in cell culture.
Requirement of NAD and SIR2 for life-span extension by calorie restriction in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Cell surface engineering by a modified Staudinger reaction.
Macroscopic fibers and ribbons of oriented carbon nanotubes.
Resonant formation of DNA strand breaks by low-energy (3 to 20 eV) electrons.
Locally resonant sonic materials.
Deficiency of molecular hydrogen in the disk of  Pictoris.
Polynesian origins: slow boat to Melanesia?.
Frequency-dependent Batesian mimicry.
Food-web dynamics: Animal nitrogen swap for plant carbon.
Temporal evolution of the electric field accelerating electrons away from the auroral ionosphere.
Vacancies in solids and the stability of surface morphology.
Linear processing of spatial cues in primary auditory cortex.
Observation of the ideal Josephson effect in superfluid 4He.
Two-step process for photoreceptor formation in Drosophila.
Biomaterials: sacrificial bonds heal bone.
Alkaline quinone flow battery.
To work or not shouldn't be a question.
Discovery and spectroscopy of the young Jovian planet 51 Eri b with the Gemini Planet Imager.
Amorphous intergranular phases control the properties of rodent tooth enamel.
[C] A robust paintlike repellent coating.
Regulatory T cells generated early in life play a distinct role in maintaining self-tolerance.
Targeting LDH enzymes with a stiripentol analog to treat epilepsy.
Could your pacemaker be hackable?.
A stability limit for the atmospheres of giant extrasolar planets.
Isotopic portrayal of the Earth's upper mantle flow field.
Protein-based peptide-bond formation by aminoacyl-tRNA protein transferase.
Linnaeus in the information age.
Female mate-choice drives the evolution of male-biased dispersal in a social mammal.
The role of fluids in lower-crustal earthquakes near continental rifts.
A ferromagnet in a continuously tunable random field.
Superconductivity in lithium below 0.4 millikelvin at ambient pressure.
Into the mind of a fly.
Dynamics of Mid-Palaeocene North Atlantic rifting linked with European intra-plate deformations.
The importance of sequence diversity in the aggregation and evolution of proteins.
Synthesis and properties of crosslinked recombinant pro-resilin.
An integrated view of the chemistry and mineralogy of martian soils.
Music, the food of neuroscience?.
Structural signature of jamming in granular media.
A size of 1 au for the radio source Sgr A* at the centre of the Milky Way.
Tropical to mid-latitude snow and ice accumulation, flow and glaciation on Mars.
Retinoic acid signalling links leftright asymmetric patterning and bilaterally symmetric somitogenesis in the zebrafish embryo.
A mechanistic principle for proton pumping by cytochrome c oxidase.
Structure and different conformational states of native AMPA receptor complexes.
Self-healing and thermoreversible rubber from supramolecular assembly.
The diploid genome sequence of an Asian individual.
DNA-programmable nanoparticle crystallization.
Endogenous siRNAs from naturally formed dsRNAs regulate transcripts in mouse oocytes.
Crystal structure of opsin in its G-protein-interacting conformation.
Inhibition of shoot branching by new terpenoid plant hormones.
Thermalization and its mechanism for generic isolated quantum systems.
Mitofusin 2 tethers endoplasmic reticulum to mitochondria.
IL-21 and TGF-&bgr; are required for differentiation of human TH17 cells.
Attributing physical and biological impacts to anthropogenic climate change.
A protein antibiotic in the phage Q virion: diversity in lysis targets.
Spatially resolved spin-injection probability for gallium arsenide.
[C] CHANGES IN FOREST BIOMASS CARBON STORAGE IN CHINA BETWEEN 1949 AND 1998..
Charge exchange-induced X-ray emission from Comet C/1999 S4 (LINEAR).
Seismic evidence of an extended magmatic sill under Mt. Vesuvius.
Genetic basis for activity differences between vancomycin and glycolipid derivatives of vancomycin.
Toward sustainable chemistry.
Giant pandas in a changing landscape.
Anatolian tree rings and a new chronology for the East Mediterranean Bronze-Iron Ages.
Seismic observations of splitting of the mid-transition zone discontinuity in Earth's mantle.
Elastic coupling between RNA degradation and unwinding by an exoribonuclease.
Assembly of an evolutionarily new pathway for -pyrone biosynthesis in Arabidopsis.
Illusions promote mating success in great bowerbirds.
Seemingly anomalous angular distributions in H+ D2 reactive scattering.
Facing extinction in real time.
The effects of experience and attrition for novice high-school science and mathematics teachers.
A rogue earthquake off Sumatra.
Plate motions and stresses from global dynamic models.
The efficacy of student-centered instruction in supporting science learning.
SWEET! The pathway is complete.
Materials science: Quasicrystals from nanocrystals.
The neutrino and the whale.
Darwin 200: should scientists study race and IQ? YES: the scientific truth must be pursued.
Catalysis: Bond control in surface reactions.
Applied physics: A leak of information.
Global warming: why the 2 C goal is a political delusion.
Stem cells: Tailor-made diseased neurons.
Global change: China at the carbon crossroads.
A new class of homoserine lactone quorum-sensing signals.
Ktu/PF13 is required for cytoplasmic pre-assembly of axonemal dyneins.
CLEC5A is critical for dengue-virus-induced lethal disease.
The SRA domain of UHRF1 flips 5-methylcytosine out of the DNA helix.
Sensing voltage across lipid membranes.
Positive feedback of G1 cyclins ensures coherent cell cycle entry.
Bacterial carbon processing by generalist species in the coastal ocean.
Ocean circulation in a warming climate.
Neutral metacommunity models predict fish diversity patterns in MississippiMissouri basin.
Lethargus is a Caenorhabditis elegans sleep-like state.
The type VI secretion system of Vibrio cholerae fosters horizontal gene transfer.
Screw dislocations: A hard case to crack.
Innate lymphoid cells: A new paradigm in immunology.
m6A mRNA methylation facilitates resolution of nave pluripotency toward differentiation.
Biosynthesis of monoterpene scent compounds in roses.
A circular route to confine electrons.
Biologists devise invasion plan for mutations.
Nanoscale temperature mapping in operating microelectronic devices.
Ribosomes help careful protein folding.
Nucleotide signalling during inflammation.
Asymmetries in core-collapse supernovae from maps of radioactive 44Ti in Cassiopeia [thinsp] A.
MTH1 inhibition eradicates cancer by preventing sanitation of the dNTP pool.
Epidermal Merkel cells are mechanosensory cells that tune mammalian touch receptors.
Structure of the core ectodomain of the hepatitis C virus envelope glycoprotein 2.
Endothelial Notch activity promotes angiogenesis and osteogenesis in bone.
Geographical limits to species-range shifts are suggested by climate velocity.
Tracking excited-state charge and spin dynamics in iron coordination complexes.
Contextuality supplies the/magic/'for quantum computation.
Declines in insectivorous birds are associated with high neonicotinoid concentrations.
The trajectory, structure and origin of the Chelyabinsk asteroidal impactor.
Crystallites of magnetic charges in artificial spin ice.
Simple organic molecules as catalysts for enantioselective synthesis of amines and alcohols.
Chromosome-specific nonrandom sister chromatid segregation during stem-cell division.
Increased insolation threshold for runaway greenhouse processes on Earth-like planets.
Pathogen blocks host death receptor signalling by arginine GlcNAcylation of death domains.
Crystal structure of pre-activated arrestin p44.
NFIB is a governor of epithelial-melanocyte stem cell behaviour in a shared niche.
Recent temperature extremes at high northern latitudes unprecedented in the past 600 years.
Planetary system disruption by Galactic perturbations to wide binary stars.
Piecing together the p53 puzzle.
A potassium channel protein encoded by chlorella virus PBCV-1.
Topographic mapping of the quantum Hall liquid using a few-electron bubble.
The rise of the mouse, biomedicine's model mammal.
Dendritic computation of direction selectivity by retinal ganglion cells.
Sources of quantum protection in high-Tc superconductivity.
N-Cadherin, a cell adhesion molecule involved in establishment of embryonic left-right asymmetry.
Intracellular parasitism by Histoplasma capsulatum: fungal virulence and calcium dependence.
Template boundary in a yeast telomerase specified by RNA structure.
Suppression of mutations in mitochondrial DNA by tRNAs imported from the cytoplasm.
Functional and spatial segregation of secretory vesicle pools according to vesicle age.
Regulatory evolution of shavenbaby/ovo underlies multiple cases of morphological parallelism.
Nutritional biochemistry: A new redox-cofactor vitamin for mammals.
Cell biology (Communication arising): Tubulin acetylation and cell motility.
Eyes absent represents a class of protein tyrosine phosphatases.
Palaeo-oceanography: Deepwater variability in the Holocene epoch.
Redistribution of energy available for ocean mixing by long-range propagation of internal waves.
RanGTP mediates nuclear pore complex assembly.
Speciation by host switch in brood parasitic indigobirds.
Egg recognition and counting reduce costs of avian conspecific brood parasitism.
Wnt gradient formation requires retromer function in Wnt-producing cells.
Escherichia coli induces DNA double-strand breaks in eukaryotic cells.
Combined analog and action potential coding in hippocampal mossy fibers.
BKCa-Cav channel complexes mediate rapid and localized Ca2+-activated K+ signaling.
Tectonic uplift and Eastern Africa aridification.
Crustal dilatation observed by GRACE after the 2004 Sumatra-Andaman earthquake.
Near-threshold inelastic collisions using molecular beams with a tunable velocity.
Phase separation of lipid membranes analyzed with high-resolution secondary ion mass spectrometry.
Exposure to scientific theories affects women's math performance.
Structure of TonB in complex with FhuA, E. coli outer membrane receptor.
Calmodulin interacts with MLO protein to regulate defence against mildew in barley.
Magnetar-like X-ray bursts from an anomalous X-ray pulsar.
The language of genes.
Secure communication: Quantum cryptography with a photon turnstile.
Altered performance of forest pests under atmospheres enriched by CO2 and O3.
Deafness and renal tubular acidosis in mice lacking the K-Cl co-transporter Kcc4.
Determining the composition of the Earth.
The flux of small near-Earth objects colliding with the Earth.
Chameleon radiation by oceanic dispersal.
Nonlinear grassland responses to past and future atmospheric CO2.
Formation of Al13I-: Evidence for the superhalogen character of Al13.
Mass spectrometric imaging of highly curved membranes during Tetrahymena mating.
Early life recorded in Archean pillow lavas.
Direct visual observation of thermal capillary waves.
Regulation of bone mass in mice by the lipoxygenase gene Alox15.
Origins of bilateral symmetry: Hox and dpp expression in a sea anemone.
Symmetry breaking and the evolution of development.
Curving and frustrating flatland.
Plasminogen is a critical host pathogenicity factor for group A streptococcal infection.
Odd-parity superconductivity in Sr2RuO4.
Developmental changes due to long-distance movement of a homeobox fusion transcript in tomato.
String tension and stability of magic tip-suspended nanowires.
Protective role of ATP-sensitive potassium channels in hypoxia-induced generalized seizure.
Paleobotanical evidence for near present-day levels of atmospheric CO2 during part of the Tertiary.
Spike transmission and synchrony detection in networks of GABAergic interneurons.
The detection of large HNO3-containing particles in the winter Arctic stratosphere.
Phase-coherent optical pulse synthesis from separate femtosecond lasers.
Active disruption of an RNA-protein interaction by a DExH/D RNA helicase.
Complex species interactions and the dynamics of ecological systems: long-term experiments.
Recruitment of Mec1 and Ddc1 checkpoint proteins to double-strand breaks through distinct mechanisms.
Intensifying weathering and land use in iron age Central Africa.
Ancestral developmental potential facilitates parallel evolution in ants.
Photoinduced Ullmann CN Coupling: Demonstrating the Viability of a Radical Pathway.
Unidirectional growth of microbumps on (111)-oriented and nanotwinned copper.
Affirmative action policies promote women and do not harm efficiency in the laboratory.
Egg cellsecreted EC1 triggers sperm cell activation during double fertilization.
Global gene deletion analysis exploring yeast filamentous growth.
Endogenous protein S-Nitrosylation in E. coli: regulation by OxyR.
Unconventional sequence of fractional quantum Hall states in suspended graphene.
The Shortest-KnownPeriod Star Orbiting Our Galaxy's Supermassive Black Hole.
The genome of the blood fluke Schistosoma mansoni.
Fractional quantum Hall effect and insulating phase of Dirac electrons in graphene.
Adaptive immune features of natural killer cells.
Cytoplasmic functions of the tumour suppressor p53.
Observation of the fractional quantum Hall effect in graphene.
A tissue-scale gradient of hydrogen peroxide mediates rapid wound detection in zebrafish.
Topological surface states protected from backscattering by chiral spin texture.
Frequent somatic mutations of GNAQ in uveal melanoma and blue naevi.
Complex landscapes of somatic rearrangement in human breast cancer genomes.
Programming cells by multiplex genome engineering and accelerated evolution.
Biogeochemistry: life before the rise of oxygen.
Hydatellaceae are water lilies with gymnospermous tendencies.
Chemistry for everyone.
Molecular biology: power sequencing.
Machaeridians are Palaeozoic armoured annelids.
Nitrogen cycle: out of reach.
The food crisis isn't over.
Surprising dissimilarities in a newly formed pair of 'identical twin'stars.
A steep road to climate stabilization.
Biotechnology: enzymatic production of biohydrogen.
Predicted vCJD mortality in Great Britain.
Soft-mode hardening in SrTiO3 thin films.
MRT-2 checkpoint protein is required for germline immortality and telomere replication in C. elegans.
Phosphate concentrations in lakes.
-Haemolysin of uropathogenic E. coli induces Ca 2+ oscillations in renal epithelial cells.
Female bluethroats enhance offspring immunocompetence through extra-pair copulations.
Chemistry meets computing.
Functional diversity governs ecosystem response to nutrient enrichment.
Glutamate spillover suppresses inhibition by activating presynaptic mGluRs.
N-type colloidal semiconductor nanocrystals.
TFIIH is negatively regulated by cdk8-containing mediator complexes.
Mimicry of ice structure by surface hydroxyls and water of a -helix antifreeze protein.
Evolutionary fitness: tall men have more reproductive success.
The joining of ribosomal subunits in eukaryotes requires eIF5B.
Involuntary orienting to sound improves visual perception.
Calcium signalling in the guidance of nerve growth by netrin-1.
The major protein import receptor of plastids is essential for chloroplast biogenesis.
Structure of the Fc fragment of human IgE bound to its high-affinity receptor Fc&epsi; RI.
Phosphorylation of CPE binding factor by Eg2 regulates translation of c-mos mRNA.
Firearm violence exposure and serious violent behavior.
Southern Hemisphere water mass conversion linked with North Atlantic climate variability.
Extracellular DNA plays a key role in deep-sea ecosystem functioning.
Arctic seabirds transport marine-derived contaminants.
An asymmetric energetic type Ic supernova viewed off-axis, and a link to gamma ray bursts.
Radiosonde daytime biases and late-20th century warming.
Variable control of Ets-1 DNA binding by multiple phosphates in an unstructured region.
Larger islands house more bacterial taxa.
Deep Impact: Observations from a worldwide Earth-based campaign.
Ecological change, group territoriality, and population dynamics in Serengeti lions.
Hematopoietic cell regulation by Rac1 and Rac2 guanosine triphosphatases.
Direct fabrication of large micropatterned single crystals.
Role of EDEM in the release of misfolded glycoproteins from the calnexin cycle.
Response of a deciduous forest to the Mount Pinatubo eruption: Enhanced photosynthesis.
Regulation of cell polarity and protrusion formation by targeting RhoA for degradation.
Multifunctional alloys obtained via a dislocation-free plastic deformation mechanism.
Growth of epitaxial nanowires at the junctions of nanowalls.
Amygdalar and hippocampal theta rhythm synchronization during fear memory retrieval.
Simultaneous fluorescence and Raman scattering from single carbon nanotubes.
Kinesin moves by an asymmetric hand-over-hand mechanism.
A dynamical-systems view of stem cell biology.
COX-2 inhibitors and cardiovascular risk.
RNA editing underlies temperature adaptation in K+ channels from polar octopuses.
The structure and catalytic cycle of a sodium-pumping pyrophosphatase.
Carbon storage with benefits.
Aerobic microbial respiration in 86-million-year-old deep-sea red clay.
Intramitochondrial transport of phosphatidic acid in yeast by a lipid transfer protein.
Comment on Nonreciprocal light propagation in a silicon photonic circuit.
Temperature-dependent alterations in host use drive rapid range expansion in a butterfly.
Structural basis for the rescue of stalled ribosomes: structure of YaeJ bound to the ribosome.
Experimental verification of decoherence-free subspaces.
Chemical etiology of nucleic acid structure: the -threofuranosyl-(3' 2') oligonucleotide system.
Differential clustering of CD4 and CD3 during T cell recognition.
Crystal structure of the ribonucleoprotein core of the signal recognition particle.
The Archean sulfur cycle and the early history of atmospheric oxygen.
The initial domestication of goats (Capra hircus) in the Zagros Mountains 10,000 years ago.
Communicating statistical information.
Imaging coherent electron flow from a quantum point contact.
Unmasking electronic energy transfer of conjugated polymers by suppression of O2 quenching.
A role for nuclear inositol 1, 4, 5-trisphosphate kinase in transcriptional control.
A genetic variant BDNF polymorphism alters extinction learning in both mouse and human.
The social sense: Susceptibility to others' beliefs in human infants and adults.
Ultrathin PbS sheets by two-dimensional oriented attachment.
Detection of C60 and C70 in a young planetary nebula.
Manufacturing molecules through metabolic engineering.
Efficient annealing of radiation damage near grain boundaries via interstitial emission.
Suppression of antitumor immunity by stromal cells expressing fibroblast activation protein.
Small RNA duplexes function as mobile silencing signals between plant cells.
Solid nanoparticles that catalyze biofuel upgrade reactions at the water/oil interface.
Crystal structure of the eukaryotic ribosome.
Dynamics of seismogenic volcanic extrusion at Mount St Helens in 200405.
Molecular architecture of axonemal microtubule doublets revealed by cryo-electron tomography.
Ageing: balancing regeneration and cancer.
Characterization of a carbohydrate transporter from symbiotic glomeromycotan fungi.
Independent evolution of bitter-taste sensitivity in humans and chimpanzees.
Early events in the thymus affect the balance of effector and regulatory T cells.
Observation of an O8 molecular lattice in the &epsiv; phase of solid oxygen.
A soft-bodied mollusc with radula from the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale.
DNA sequence of human chromosome 17 and analysis of rearrangement in the human lineage.
Seawater subduction controls the heavy noble gas composition of the mantle.
Building better batteries.
Cancer-related inflammation.
The missing memristor found.
Autophagy fights disease through cellular self-digestion.
Comprehensive genomic characterization defines human glioblastoma genes and core pathways.
Understanding individual human mobility patterns.
Reprogramming of human somatic cells to pluripotency with defined factors.
Enhanced thermoelectric performance of rough silicon nanowires.
The impact of microRNAs on protein output.
Alternative isoform regulation in human tissue transcriptomes.
Separation of hexane isomers in a metal-organic framework with triangular channels.
Entangling mechanical motion with microwave fields.
Adolescent stressinduced epigenetic control of dopaminergic neurons via glucocorticoids.
Scaling the ion trap quantum processor.
Structural basis for flg22-induced activation of the Arabidopsis FLS2-BAK1 immune complex.
Genome-wide quantitative enhancer activity maps identified by STARR-seq.
Galvanic replacement reactions in metal oxide nanocrystals.
Integrative annotation of variants from 1092 humans: application to cancer genomics.
Direct imaging of covalent bond structure in single-molecule chemical reactions.
Translation elongation factor EF-P alleviates ribosome stalling at polyproline stretches.
The dynamics of plate tectonics and mantle flow: From local to global scales.
Tracking Earth's energy.
Unveiling the transient template in the self-assembly of a molecular oxide nanowheel.
Variations in the Sun's meridional flow over a solar cycle.
Optical metamaterialsmore bulky and less lossy.
The structure of cbb3 cytochrome oxidase provides insights into proton pumping.
-secretase gene mutations in familial acne inversa.
Bose-Einstein condensation in microgravity.
Local and long-range reciprocal regulation of cAMP and cGMP in axon/dendrite formation.
Bioluminescence in the ocean: origins of biological, chemical, and ecological diversity.
Seismic imaging of transition zone discontinuities suggests hot mantle west of Hawaii.
Disclosing identities in diffuse interstellar bands.
China aims to turn tide against toxic lake pollution.
Venus's southern polar vortex reveals precessing circulation.
Onset of plate tectonics.
The bonding electron density in aluminum.
Faking giants: the evolution of high prey clearance rates in jellyfishes.
Brownian motion goes ballistic.
Detection of convective downflows in a sunspot Penumbra.
Bats use echo harmonic structure to distinguish their targets from background clutter.
TAL effectors: customizable proteins for DNA targeting.
Spin-liquid ground state of the S= 1/2 Kagome Heisenberg antiferromagnet.
Diet drives convergence in gut microbiome functions across mammalian phylogeny and within humans.
Impacts of the Cretaceous Terrestrial Revolution and KPg extinction on mammal diversification.
A neutralizing antibody selected from plasma cells that binds to group 1 and group 2 influenza A hemagglutinins.
Sequence and structural convergence of broad and potent HIV antibodies that mimic CD4 binding.
The mTOR-regulated phosphoproteome reveals a mechanism of mTORC1-mediated inhibition of growth factor signaling.
Rapid pneumococcal evolution in response to clinical interventions.
How to grow a mind: Statistics, structure, and abstraction.
The 2010 amazon drought.
Adler et a.
Disturbing: Supreme Court Upholds Govt's Right to Spy on US Citizens Without Warrant or Probable Cause.
CREATION OF ULTRASONIC EQUIPMENT FOR STRENGTHENING AND RELAXATION TREATMENT OF WELDED STRUCTURES IN RAILCAR BUILDING.
[C] China's soil pollution: Urban brownfields.
Postpublication peer review in plant science.
Knowledge, approach and status of early marriage in Bangladesh '.
[C] Syrian Electronic Army Targets President Obama in Latest Hack.
Functional genomic analysis of C. elegans chromosome I by systematic RNA interference.
Corpse clearance defines the meaning of cell death.
Nogo-A is a myelin-associated neurite outgrowth inhibitor and an antigen for monoclonal antibody IN-1.
Navigation in a small world.
High-efficiency fluorescent organic light-emitting devices using a phosphorescent sensitizer.
Functional hydrogel structures for autonomous flow control inside microfluidic channels.
Respiration as the main determinant of carbon balance in European forests.
Experimental entanglement of four particles.
Calcium channels activated by hydrogen peroxide mediate abscisic acid signalling in guard cells.
A receptor for phosphatidylserine-specific clearance of apoptotic cells.
The molecular choreography of a store-operated calcium channel.
Synthetic lethal screen identification of chemosensitizer loci in cancer cells.
Subcapsular sinus macrophages in lymph nodes clear lymph-borne viruses and present them to antiviral B cells.
Biodiversity: climate change and the ecologist.
Biasing reaction pathways with mechanical force.
Late formation and prolonged differentiation of the Moon inferred from W isotopes in lunar metals.
Chiral magnetic order at surfaces driven by inversion asymmetry.
Spatial coupling of nitrogen inputs and losses in the ocean.
A sequence-based variation map of 8.27 million SNPs in inbred mouse strains.
UDP acting at P2Y6 receptors is a mediator of microglial phagocytosis.
Reflection from the strong gravity regime in a lensed quasar at redshift z= 0.658.
Possible control of subduction zone slow-earthquake periodicity by silica enrichment.
The/mitoflash/'probe cpYFP does not respond to superoxide.
Convergence of terrestrial plant production across global climate gradients.
Ramp compression of diamond to five terapascals.
Room-temperature magnetic order on zigzag edges of narrow graphene nanoribbons.
Materials science: Energy storage wrapped up.
Divergent reprogramming routes lead to alternative stem-cell states.
Cell-autonomous correction of ring chromosomes in human induced pluripotent stem cells.
Low investment in sexual reproduction threatens plants adapted to phosphorus limitation.
Stored light in an optical fiber via stimulated Brillouin scattering.
Serine-7 of the RNA polymerase II CTD is specifically required for snRNA gene expression.
Chemical and spectroscopic evidence for an FeV-oxo complex.
Germ cell specification in mice.
Multiple functions of the IKK-related kinase IKK in interferon-mediated antiviral immunity.
Founder effects in the assessment of HIV polymorphisms and HLA allele associations.
Predation risk affects reproductive physiology and demography of elk.
Ultralow friction of carbonate faults caused by thermal decomposition.
Postreplicative formation of cohesion is required for repair and induced by a single DNA break.
Kinetics of morphogen gradient formation.
Ice flow of the Antarctic ice sheet.
A parsimonious model for gene regulation by miRNAs.
The Cambrian conundrum: early divergence and later ecological success in the early history of animals.
Co-residence patterns in hunter-gatherer societies show unique human social structure.
Hot carrierassisted intrinsic photoresponse in graphene.
Scaffold proteins: hubs for controlling the flow of cellular information.
Low-loss plasmonic metamaterials.
Spectroscopic observation of dual catalytic sites during oxidation of CO on a Au/TiO2 catalyst.
Three-dimensional plasmon rulers.
Kepler-16: a transiting circumbinary planet.
The Drosophila hairpin RNA pathway generates endogenous short interfering RNAs.
Reconstruction of non-classical cavity field states with snapshots of their decoherence.
Compartmentalized dendritic plasticity and input feature storage in neurons.
Origin of morphotropic phase boundaries in ferroelectrics.
Mechanism of shape determination in motile cells.
Direct measurement of critical Casimir forces.
Oligomerization of STIM1 couples ER calcium depletion to CRAC channel activation.
Phase diagram of a two-component Fermi gas with resonant interactions.
Stress changes from the 2008 Wenchuan earthquake and increased hazard in the Sichuan basin.
Drosophila RNAi screen identifies host genes important for influenza virus replication.
Electrically pumped photonic-crystal terahertz lasers controlled by boundary conditions.
Membrane-bound Fas ligand only is essential for Fas-induced apoptosis.
A pre-Archaeopteryx troodontid theropod from China with long feathers on the metatarsus.
Elite and stochastic models for induced pluripotent stem cell generation.
Discovery of insect and human dengue virus host factors.
A newly discovered protein export machine in malaria parasites.
Down's syndrome suppression of tumour growth and the role of the calcineurin inhibitor DSCR1.
State-independent experimental test of quantum contextuality.
Non-radial oscillation modes with long lifetimes in giant stars.
An anatomical signature for literacy.
Multistability in the lactose utilization network of Escherichia coli.
Meiotic catastrophe and retrotransposon reactivation in male germ cells lacking Dnmt3L.
A 1.7-kilobase single-stranded DNA that folds into a nanoscale octahedron.
The principle of temperature-dependent gating in cold-and heat-sensitive TRP channels.
Low-voltage organic transistors with an amorphous molecular gate dielectric.
Enhanced virulence of influenza A viruses with the haemagglutinin of the 1918 pandemic virus.
An autonomous molecular computer for logical control of gene expression.
Coherent dynamics of a flux qubit coupled to a harmonic oscillator.
Vernalization requires epigenetic silencing of FLC by histone methylation.
Role of metal-reducing bacteria in arsenic release from Bengal delta sediments.
Symposium overview: Raising standards.
Microbiome: Microbial mystery.
Theatre: Performing rituals.
Anomalous dispersions of/hedgehog/'particles.
Quantum teleportation of multiple degrees of freedom of a single photon.
The multi-millennial Antarctic commitment to future sea-level rise.
Research management: Leadership training for African scientists.
A novel multiple-stage antimalarial agent that inhibits protein synthesis.
Modulation of hydrophobic interactions by proximally immobilized ions.
Instrumentation: The mystery of the microscope in mud.
Coupled quantized mechanical oscillators.
Depth-dependent extension, two-stage breakup and cratonic underplating at rifted margins.
Improved molecular replacement by density-and energy-guided protein structure optimization.
Low strength of deep San Andreas fault gouge from SAFOD core.
Long-term evolution and transmission dynamics of swine influenza A virus.
The crystal structure of dynamin.
A Polycomb-based switch underlying quantitative epigenetic memory.
Lifespan extension induced by AMPK and calcineurin is mediated by CRTC-1 and CREB.
Solution structure of a minor and transiently formed state of a T4 lysozyme mutant.
Glutamate induces de novo growth of functional spines in developing cortex.
Wza the translocon for E. coli capsular polysaccharides defines a new class of membrane protein.
Reduced mixing generates oscillations and chaos in the oceanic deep chlorophyll maximum.
The neurodegenerative disease protein aprataxin resolves abortive DNA ligation intermediates.
Structure of the Sec13/31 COPII coat cage.
Identification of a mammalian mitochondrial porphyrin transporter.
A var gene promoter controls allelic exclusion of virulence genes in Plasmodium falciparum malaria.
Adaptive filtering enhances information transmission in visual cortex.
ClC-7 requires Ostm1 as a -subunit to support bone resorption and lysosomal function.
Local migration promotes competitive restraint in a hostpathogen'tragedy of the commons'.
An ARC/Mediator subunit required for SREBP control of cholesterol and lipid homeostasis.
Arabidopsis stomatal initiation is controlled by MAPK-mediated regulation of the bHLH SPEECHLESS.
The widespread threat of calcium decline in fresh waters.
Atomic-level models of the bacterial carboxysome shell.
Wired for sex: the neurobiology of Drosophila mating decisions.
The structure of Mercury's magnetic field from MESSENGER's first flyby.
Structure and dynamics of Earth's lower mantle.
Bottom-up dependent gating of frontal signals in early visual cortex.
Conformational switch of syntaxin-1 controls synaptic vesicle fusion.
Atmospheric hydroxyl radical production from electronically excited NO2 and H2O.
Urbanization and the wealth of nations.
Sex chromosome-linked species recognition and evolution of reproductive isolation in flycatchers.
Light-responsive cryptochromes from a simple multicellular animal, the coral Acropora millepora.
Don't forget long-term fundamental research in energy.
Synchronized oscillation in coupled nanomechanical oscillators.
Myosin V walks by lever action and Brownian motion.
Pyroclastic activity at home plate in Gusev Crater, Mars.
Culling prey promotes predator recoveryalternative states in a whole-lake experiment.
Absence of cooling in New Zealand and the adjacent ocean during the Younger Dryas chronozone.
Advances in cytokinin signaling.
Sustainable farming: Get pigs off antibiotics.
Activation of old carbon by erosion of coastal and subsea permafrost in Arctic Siberia.
Network science: Luck or reason.
Impact spherules as a record of an ancient heavy bombardment of Earth.
Direct imaging of RecA nucleation and growth on single molecules of SSB-coated ssDNA.
Making the links.
HVEM signalling at mucosal barriers provides host defence against pathogenic bacteria.
Research grants: Conform and be funded.
Statistical geochemistry reveals disruption in secular lithospheric evolution about 2.5 [thinsp] Gyr ago.
Controlling interneuron activity in Caenorhabditis elegans to evoke chemotactic behaviour.
Low-temperature thin-film deposition and crystallization.
Vortex Cores--Smaller Than Small.
Complete development of mosquito phases of the malaria parasite in vitro.
Gluten and the Gut--Lessons for Immune Regulation.
Regulation of MAPK function by direct interaction with the mating-specific G in yeast.
Fluorescent signaling in parrots.
Laser-induced selectivity for dimerization versus polymerization of butadiene under pressure.
Role of a ubiquitin-like modification in polarized morphogenesis.
Paleoclimate: toward solving the UV puzzle.
Orbital ordering transition in La4Ru2O10.
Efficient silicon light-emitting diodes.
MIF regulates innate immune responses through modulation of Toll-like receptor 4.
Practising orientation identification improves orientation coding in V1 neurons.
Intracellular signalling: key enzyme in leptin-induced anorexia.
Horsetails and ferns are a monophyletic group and the closest living relatives to seed plants.
Roles of tumour localization, second signals and cross priming in cytotoxic T-cell induction.
Experimental annotation of the human genome using microarray technology.
Loss of p16Ink4a confers susceptibility to metastatic melanoma in mice.
Identification of an angiogenic mitogen selective for endocrine gland endothelium.
Natural conjugative plasmids induce bacterial biofilm development.
Rapid evolution of male reproductive genes in the descent of man.
Helical self-assembled polymers from cooperative stacking of hydrogen-bonded pairs.
Transmembrane phosphoprotein Cbp regulates the activities of Src-family tyrosine kinases.
Predictive accuracy of population viability analysis in conservation biology.
The 3.2- crystal structure of the human IgG1 Fc fragmentFcRIII complex.
Stable sulphate clusters as a source of new atmospheric particles.
Ultimate physical limits to computation.
Cbl-b regulates the CD28 dependence of T-cell activation.
Kondo effect in an integer-spin quantum dot.
Designing fast oxide-ion conductors based on La2Mo2O 9.
Subpolar link to the emergence of the modern equatorial Pacific cold tongue.
Operation mechanism of a molecular machine revealed using time-resolved vibrational spectroscopy.
Generating the option of a two-stage nuclear renaissance.
4D electron tomography.
Identifying the driver of pulsating aurora.
Stochastic late accretion to Earth, the Moon, and Mars.
Evolution of an expanded sex-determining locus in Volvox.
Shape memory bulk metallic glass composites.
Cognitive illusions of authorship reveal hierarchical error detection in skilled typists.
Hedgehog signaling regulates segment formation in the annelid Platynereis.
GABAergic hub neurons orchestrate synchrony in developing hippocampal networks.
Representation of confidence associated with a decision by neurons in the parietal cortex.
Oxide nanoelectronics on demand.
A bipedal DNA Brownian motor with coordinated legs.
Preferential growth of single-walled carbon nanotubes with metallic conductivity.
Pathogenesis of chytridiomycosis, a cause of catastrophic amphibian declines.
Amplified trace gas removal in the troposphere.
Synchronous hyperactivity and intercellular calcium waves in astrocytes in Alzheimer mice.
Motile cilia of human airway epithelia are chemosensory.
Regulation of hypoxia-inducible factor 2 signaling by the stress-responsive deacetylase sirtuin 1.
Crystal structure of the bacterial membrane protein TolC central to multidrug efflux and protein export.
Biodiversity: extinction by numbers.
Effect of stream channel size on the delivery of nitrogen to the Gulf of Mexico.
The importance of repairing stalled replication forks.
Glutamate release in severe brain ischaemia is mainly by reversed uptake.
PKC-&thetas; is required for TCR-induced NF-B activation in mature but not immature T lymphocytes.
Apoptosis in development.
Structure of a serpinprotease complex shows inhibition by deformation.
Structural and biochemical basis of apoptotic activation by Smac/DIABLO.
Loosening of plant cell walls by expansins.
Systemic administration of epothilone B promotes axon regeneration after spinal cord injury.
Mother's littlest helpers.
Carbon kicked out by nutrients.
Systems integration for global sustainability.
China's lakes of pig manure spawn antibiotic resistance.
PI4P/phosphatidylserine countertransport at ORP5-and ORP8-mediated ERplasma membrane contacts.
Crystallization by particle attachment in synthetic, biogenic, and geologic environments.
Mechanistic origins of bombardier beetle (Brachinini) explosion-induced defensive spray pulsation.
Beyond the Turing Test.
Distances with< 4% precision from type Ia supernovae in young star-forming environments.
Improved attribution of climate forcing to emissions.
Organic nonvolatile memory transistors for flexible sensor arrays.
Recent warming reverses long-term Arctic cooling.
Stability predicts genetic diversity in the Brazilian Atlantic forest hotspot.
Indirect emissions from biofuels: how important?.
Genome-wide survey of SNP variation uncovers the genetic structure of cattle breeds.
Function of mitochondrial Stat3 in cellular respiration.
Why peer discussion improves student performance on in-class concept questions.
Lab experiments are a major source of knowledge in the social sciences.
Regulation of histone acetylation in the nucleus by sphingosine-1-phosphate.
A cluster of metabolic defects caused by mutation in a mitochondrial tRNA.
DNA-functionalized nanotube membranes with single-base mismatch selectivity.
Linking albinism and immunity: the secrets of secretory lysosomes.
Probabilistic integrated assessment of" dangerous" climate change.
The active site in nanoparticle gold catalysis.
DNA-templated organic synthesis and selection of a library of macrocycles.
The scaling of animal space use.
Multiplex detection of RNA expression in Drosophila embryos.
Transmembrane segments of syntaxin line the fusion pore of Ca2+-triggered exocytosis.
How do small water clusters bind an excess electron?.
Sorting of striatal and cortical interneurons regulated by semaphorin-neuropilin interactions.
Lysophosphatidylcholine as a ligand for the immunoregulatory receptor G2A.
The role of atomic ensembles in the reactivity of bimetallic electrocatalysts.
Space-geodetic constraints on glacial isostatic adjustment in Fennoscandia.
Controlling chemical turbulence by global delayed feedback: pattern formation in catalytic CO oxidation on Pt (110).
Biogenic methane, hydrogen escape, and the irreversible oxidation of early Earth.
Contribution of aerobic photoheterotrophic bacteria to the carbon cycle in the ocean.
ARR1, a transcription factor for genes immediately responsive to cytokinins.
Atomically resolved single-walled carbon nanotube intramolecular junctions.
In silico mapping of complex disease-related traits in mice.
Multispecies diel transcriptional oscillations in open ocean heterotrophic bacterial assemblages.
Time-resolved serial crystallography captures high-resolution intermediates of photoactive yellow protein.
New global marine gravity model from CryoSat-2 and Jason-1 reveals buried tectonic structure.
On the origin of near-infrared extragalactic background light anisotropy.
Quantum spin Hall effect in two-dimensional transition metal dichalcogenides.
The robustness and evolvability of transcription factor binding sites.
Neutrophils scan for activated platelets to initiate inflammation.
Whose conservation.
A mutually assured destruction mechanism attenuates light signaling in Arabidopsis.
Observation of a quarter of an electron charge at the &ngr;= 5/2 quantum Hall state.
Big data: How do your data grow?.
HP1-&bgr; mobilization promotes chromatin changes that initiate the DNA damage response.
Three-dimensional atomic-scale structure of size-selected gold nanoclusters.
Regulatory networks define phenotypic classes of human stem cell lines.
REST maintains self-renewal and pluripotency of embryonic stem cells.
Structure of the Ebola virus glycoprotein bound to an antibody from a human survivor.
Vascular normalization in Rgs5-deficient tumours promotes immune destruction.
Deletion of vascular endothelial growth factor in myeloid cells accelerates tumorigenesis.
A new class of anthelmintics effective against drug-resistant nematodes.
A critical role for the innate immune signaling molecule IRAK-4 in T cell activation.
Discrete sandwich compounds of monolayer palladium sheets.
Silk genes support the single origin of orb webs.
Engineering cooperativity in biomotor-protein assemblies.
Sara endosomes and the maintenance of Dpp signaling levels across mitosis.
Phosphatized polar lobe-forming embryos from the Precambrian of southwest China.
Functional delivery of a cytosolic tRNA into mutant mitochondria of human cells.
A brown dwarf mass donor in an accreting binary.
An unusual marine crocodyliform from the Jurassic-Cretaceous boundary of Patagonia.
How and why do insects migrate?.
Genome-wide association study of CNVs in 16,000 cases of eight common diseases and 3,000 shared controls.
'Memristive'switches enable 'stateful'logic operations via material implication.
SIRT3 regulates mitochondrial fatty-acid oxidation by reversible enzyme deacetylation.
Reprogramming towards pluripotency requires AID-dependent DNA demethylation.
Impacts of biodiversity on the emergence and transmission of infectious diseases.
The evolution of eusociality.
A dicer-independent miRNA biogenesis pathway that requires Ago catalysis.
The environment and schizophrenia.
Transcriptome genetics using second generation sequencing in a Caucasian population.
Nuclear reprogramming to a pluripotent state by three approaches.
IB kinase- is critical for interferon- production induced by Toll-like receptors 7 and 9.
Thermal radiation scanning tunnelling microscopy.
Kruppel-like factor 2 regulates thymocyte and T-cell migration.
High-throughput synthesis and catalytic properties of a molecular sieve with 18-and 10-member rings.
An RNA-dependent RNA polymerase is required for paramutation in maize.
A novel explosive process is required for the &ggr;-ray burst GRB 060614.
Disruption of extended defects in solid oxide fuel cell anodes for methane oxidation.
Human immunodeficiency viruses: SIV infection in wild gorillas.
Visualization of transient encounter complexes in proteinprotein association.
Stoichiometry and turnover in single, functioning membrane protein complexes.
YidC mediates membrane protein insertion in bacteria.
Ecosystem size determines food-chain length in lakes.
Materials science: The smallest carbon nanotube.
AT1-receptor heterodimers show enhanced G-protein activation and altered receptor sequestration.
Compromised HOXA5 function can limit p53 expression in human breast tumours.
ClC-5 Cl--channel disruption impairs endocytosis in a mouse model for Dent's disease.
The S receptor kinase determines self-incompatibility in Brassica stigma.
Representation of a perceptual decision in developing oculomotor commands.
Uptake of apoptotic cells drives the growth of a pathogenic trypanosome in macrophages.
Frequent chromosomal translocations induced by DNA double-strand breaks.
The Kondo effect in an artificial quantum dot molecule.
Role of importin- in coupling Ran to downstream targets in microtubule assembly.
A four-dimensional generalization of the quantum Hall effect.
Observation of chaos-assisted tunneling between islands of stability.
Rapid electron tunneling through oligophenylenevinylene bridges.
Deterministic delivery of a single atom.
Making sense of eukaryotic DNA replication origins.
Crystal structure of a carbon monoxide dehydrogenase reveals a [Ni-4Fe-5S] cluster.
Coupling of the TCR to integrin activation by Slap-130/Fyb.
Climate change as the dominant control on glacial-interglacial variations in C3 and C4 plant abundance.
Differential representation of perception and action in the frontal cortex.
Initial results from the Mini-TES experiment in Gusev Crater from the Spirit Rover.
Geochemical evidence for excess iron in the mantle beneath Hawaii.
Modulation of Th1 activation and inflammation by the NF-B repressor Foxj1.
Contextually evoked object-specific responses in human visual cortex.
What caused the Great Lisbon earthquake?.
Adaptive radiation from resource competition in digital organisms.
The radical site in chlamydial ribonucleotide reductase defines a new R2 subclass.
Modulation of radiation injury.
Textures of the soils and rocks at Gusev Crater from Spirit's Microscopic Imager.
Accelerating next-generation vaccine development for global disease prevention.
Structure of RSV fusion glycoprotein trimer bound to a prefusion-specific neutralizing antibody.
Room-temperature quantum bit storage exceeding 39 minutes using ionized donors in silicon-28.
The future of species under climate change: resilience or decline?.
RNA interference functions as an antiviral immunity mechanism in mammals.
Dust and biological aerosols from the Sahara and Asia influence precipitation in the western US.
Genomic analysis of non-NF2 meningiomas reveals mutations in TRAF7, KLF4, AKT1, and SMO.
Melting of iron at Earth's inner core boundary based on fast X-ray diffraction.
Mechanics of epithelial tissue homeostasis and morphogenesis.
Extensive variation in chromatin states across humans.
Cdk1 is sufficient to drive the mammalian cell cycle.
Universal physical responses to stretch in the living cell.
Charge-and size-based separation of macromolecules using ultrathin silicon membranes.
A histone H3 lysine 27 demethylase regulates animal posterior development.
Expandable DNA repeats and human disease.
Effect of natural iron fertilization on carbon sequestration in the Southern Ocean.
A translocation signal for delivery of oomycete effector proteins into host plant cells.
Auxin transport is sufficient to generate a maximum and gradient guiding root growth.
Drought sensitivity shapes species distribution patterns in tropical forests.
Treatment of diabetes and atherosclerosis by inhibiting fatty-acid-binding protein aP2.
Role for the membrane receptor guanylyl cyclase-C in attention deficiency and hyperactive behavior.
Isolation of Succinivibrionaceae implicated in low methane emissions from Tammar wallabies.
Long unfolded linkers facilitate membrane protein import through the nuclear pore complex.
Steric Control of the Reaction of CH StretchExcited CHD3 with Chlorine Atom.
Synthetic clonal reproduction through seeds.
Turning the tide against HIV.
Specialized face learning is associated with individual recognition in paper wasps.
Self-recognition among different polyprotic macroions during assembly processes in dilute solution.
Signal perception in frogs and bats and the evolution of mating signals.
Regulatory T cells get their chance to shine.
Evidence for ecological causation of sexual dimorphism in a hummingbird.
Discovery of gaseous S2 in Io's Pele plume.
Dating of pore waters with 129I: relevance for the origin of marine gas hydrates.
Radar observations of asteroid 216 Kleopatra.
Evidence for crystalline water and ammonia ices on Pluto's satellite Charon.
Structure of the RNA polymerase domain of E. coli primase.
Detection of daily clouds on Titan.
Hot plasma and black hole binaries in starburst galaxy M82.
A light-emitting field-effect transistor.
Nanometer-size -PbO2-type TiO2 in garnet: a thermobarometer for ultrahigh-pressure metamorphism.
A unified theory of urban living.
PHF8 mediates histone H4 lysine 20 demethylation events involved in cell cycle progression.
The Lkb1 metabolic sensor maintains haematopoietic stem cell survival.
Hsp70 stabilizes lysosomes and reverts NiemannPick disease-associated lysosomal pathology.
Production of p53 gene knockout rats by homologous recombination in embryonic stem cells.
Activity-dependent relocation of the axon initial segment fine-tunes neuronal excitability.
Sub-luminous type Ia supernovae from the mergers of equal-mass white dwarfs with mass 0.9 M.
Glycoprotein organization of Chikungunya virus particles revealed by X-ray crystallography.
Planar polarized actomyosin contractile flows control epithelial junction remodelling.
The genome-wide structure of the Jewish people.
Drug target identification: a question of biology.
Cancer: guarding the guardian?.
On the move.
Genetics: deaf by design.
Bioinformatics: data's future shock.
Campaign to fight malaria hit by surge in demand for medicine.
Agriculture of the future.
Taking aim at mosquitoes.
Religion and science: studies of faith.
Corrigendum: the lipid phosphatase SHIP2 controls insulin sensitivity.
A putative flipflop switch for control of REM sleep.
A constitutive law for dense granular flows.
Targeting C-reactive protein for the treatment of cardiovascular disease.
Deciphering the evolution and metabolism of an anammox bacterium from a community genome.
P2X receptors as cell-surface ATP sensors in health and disease.
Dissociable neural mechanisms supporting visual short-term memory for objects.
Weakening of tropical Pacific atmospheric circulation due to anthropogenic forcing.
Mast cells are essential intermediaries in regulatory T-cell tolerance.
Discovery of a cool planet of 5.5 Earth masses through gravitational microlensing.
RNA-mediated non-mendelian inheritance of an epigenetic change in the mouse.
Molecular biology: Complicity of gene and pseudogene.
Mammalian microevolution: rapid change in mouse mitochondrial DNA.
Magnetic levitation: Floating gold in cryogenic oxygen.
DNA repair: Damage alert.
Is a picture worth 1,000 words?.
Microbial phylogenomics: branching out.
Reproduction: widespread cloning in echinoderm larvae.
Physiology (communication arising): Allometric cascades.
Scientific literacy: clear as mud.
The Mona Lisa of modern science.
Small-scale cloud processes and climate.
Diversity and productivity peak at intermediate dispersal rate in evolving metacommunities.
Experience with moving visual stimuli drives the early development of cortical direction selectivity.
Mechanism of phototaxis in marine zooplankton.
FcRn-mediated antibody transport across epithelial cells revealed by electron tomography.
Personal genomes: misdirected precaution.
Natural products as inspiration for the development of asymmetric catalysis.
Materials science: Designer pores made easy.
Environmental determinants of extinction selectivity in the fossil record.
Why do intelligent people live longer?.
Loss of integrin v6-mediated TGF- activation causes Mmp12-dependent emphysema.
The Par complex directs asymmetric cell division by phosphorylating the cytoskeletal protein Lgl.
An ultraslow-spreading class of ocean ridge.
The double puzzle of diabetes.
Assessing the redundancy of MADS-box genes during carpel and ovule development.
DNA helicase Srs2 disrupts the Rad51 presynaptic filament.
Cytosolic pH regulates root water transport during anoxic stress through gating of aquaporins.
Structure and conserved RNA binding of the PAZ domain.
Chloroplast to nucleus communication triggered by accumulation of Mg-protoporphyrinIX.
Structural basis for modulation and agonist specificity of HCN pacemaker channels.
A genome-wide association study identifies KIAA0350 as a type 1 diabetes gene.
p53 is regulated by the lysine demethylase LSD1.
Direct observation of second-order atom tunnelling.
Synthesis and medical applications of oligosaccharides.
Two neurons mediate diet-restriction-induced longevity in C. elegans.
Adaptive subwavelength control of nano-optical fields.
Water vapour in the atmosphere of a transiting extrasolar planet.
Energy doubling of 42 GeV electrons in a metre-scale plasma wakefield accelerator.
Endocannabinoid-mediated rescue of striatal LTD and motor deficits in Parkinson's disease models.
Natural history and evolutionary principles of gene duplication in fungi.
Chloroplast biogenesis is regulated by direct action of the ubiquitin-proteasome system.
Periodic emission from the gamma-ray binary 1FGL J1018. 65856.
Comment on Lvy walks evolve through interaction between movement and environmental complexity.
Centrosome loss in the evolution of planarians.
Parallel molecular evolution in an herbivore community.
Rad51 is an accessory factor for Dmc1-mediated joint molecule formation during meiosis.
Molecular mechanics of cardiac myosin-binding protein C in native thick filaments.
Structural basis for microtubule binding and release by dynein.
Creating new types of carbon-based membranes.
Computational approaches to developmental patterning.
Mechanism of Dis3l2 substrate recognition in the Lin28-let-7 pathway.
H2D+ observations give an age of at least one million years for a cloud core forming Sun-like stars.
Transcriptional interference by antisense RNA is required for circadian clock function.
Design and fabrication of memory devices based on nanoscale polyoxometalate clusters.
Rb suppresses human cone-precursor-derived retinoblastoma tumours.
Novel somatic and germline mutations in intracranial germ cell tumours.
CTP synthase 1 deficiency in humans reveals its central role in lymphocyte proliferation.
Cepheid variables in the flared outer disk of our galaxy.
Enhancer--core-promoter specificity separates developmental and housekeeping gene regulation.
Multifunctional organoboron compounds for scalable natural product synthesis.
A worm vaccine, coming at a snail's pace.
Cracking the mercury methylation code.
Bright Hot Impacts by Erupted Fragments Falling Back on the Sun: A Template for Stellar Accretion.
Shape memory and superelastic ceramics at small scales.
Denial of catastrophic risks.
A uranian Trojan and the frequency of temporary giant-planet co-orbitals.
Response to Comment on" Bilaterian Burrows and Grazing Behavior at> 585 Million Years Ago".
What role for short-lived climate pollutants in mitigation policy.
Constraining exoplanet mass from transmission spectroscopy.
Modeling the solar dynamo.
Lower Pliocene hominid remains from Sterkfontein.
Eukaryotic intron loss.
The Structure of Importin- Bound to SREBP-2: Nuclear Import of a Transcription Factor.
Water isotope ratios D/H, 18O/16O, 17O/16O in and out of clouds map dehydration pathways.
The Global HIV Vaccine Enterprise.
The interface between the biological and inorganic worlds: iron-sulfur metalloclusters.
Regulating the regulators.
Thermohaline fine structure in an oceanographic front from seismic reflection profiling.
Asteroseismology of HD 129929: core overshooting and nonrigid rotation.
Organic-inorganic hybrid zeolites containing organic frameworks.
Large perturbations of the carbon cycle during recovery from the end-Permian extinction.
Drug seeking becomes compulsive after prolonged cocaine self-administration.
Force-clamp spectroscopy monitors the folding trajectory of a single protein.
Distributions of microbial activities in deep subseafloor sediments.
De novo crypt formation and juvenile polyposis on BMP inhibition in mouse intestine.
Self-assembly of ordered, robust, three-dimensional gold nanocrystal/silica arrays.
Chromatin compaction by a polycomb group protein complex.
Rise and fall of the Beringian steppe bison.
Lost at sea: where is all the plastic?.
Satellite measurements reveal persistent small-scale features in ocean winds.
Response to comment on" Early domesticated fig in the Jordan valley".
Polio eradication: Is it time to give up?.
Size does not matter for mitochondrial DNA.
Comment on" Ancient DNA from the First European Farmers in 7500-Year-Old Neolithic Sites".
Comment on papers by Chong et al., Nishio et al., and Suri et al. on diabetes reversal in NOD mice.
Comment on" Post-wildfire logging hinders regeneration and increases fire risk".
Response to comments on" Zircon thermometer reveals minimum melting conditions on earliest Earth".
NPAS2: an analog of clock operative in the mammalian forebrain.
Proteomics in genomeland.
Regulation of daily locomotor activity and sleep by hypothalamic EGF receptor signaling.
Observation of quantum shock waves created with ultra-compressed slow light pulses in a Bose-Einstein condensate.
Population biology of multihost pathogens.
Interactions of the COP9 signalosome with the E3 ubiquitin ligase SCFTIR1 in mediating auxin response.
Regional-scale assembly rules and biodiversity of coral reefs.
Role of the sphingosine-1-phosphate receptor EDG-1 in PDGF-induced cell motility.
KLF6, a candidate tumor suppressor gene mutated in prostate cancer.
Evolution of universal grammar.
A NAC gene regulating senescence improves grain protein, zinc, and iron content in wheat.
The psychological consequences of money.
Chemoselective hydrogenation of nitro compounds with supported gold catalysts.
Chimpanzee reservoirs of pandemic and nonpandemic HIV-1.
Simultaneous negative phase and group velocity of light in a metamaterial.
Symbiotic bacteria direct expression of an intestinal bactericidal lectin.
Molecular imaging in cancer.
Reversible, metal-free hydrogen activation.
A clonogenic bone marrow progenitor specific for macrophages and dendritic cells.
The genome of the sea urchin Strongylocentrotus purpuratus.
Making sense of the sequence.
Selective cleavage of D-Ala-D-Lac by small molecules: re-sensitizing resistant bacteria to vancomycin.
Reconstructing myotonic dystrophy.
Hurricane threats.
The early evolution of the inner solar system: a meteoritic perspective.
The morphological evolution of galaxies.
HIV/AIDS treatment for millions.
Seismic evidence for hotspot-induced buoyant flow beneath the Reykjanes Ridge.
A new astrophysical setting for chondrule formation.
Is a new eugenics afoot?.
The evolutionary origin of cooperators and defectors.
Managing soil carbon.
Dendrite development regulated by CREST, a calcium-regulated transcriptional activator.
Osedax: bone-eating marine worms with dwarf males.
Local gate control of a carbon nanotube double quantum dot.
The Yana RHS site: humans in the Arctic before the last glacial maximum.
Probing electronic transitions in individual carbon nanotubes by Rayleigh scattering.
NIH molecular libraries initiative.
Ultrafast electron crystallography of interfacial water.
Prospects for building the tree of life from large sequence databases.
A Taylor vortex analogy in granular flows.
Palaeoclimate: A great grand-daddy of ice cores.
Superconductivity: Symmetry not required.
Prolonged KREEP magmatism on the Moon indicated by the youngest dated lunar igneous rock.
Comparative genomics: small genome, big insights.
Climate change: tropical flip-flop connections.
Ban on triazine herbicides likely to reduce but not negate relative benefits of GMHT maize cropping.
Social evolution: kinship is relative.
Drug discovery: the leading edge.
Pterosaurs as part of a spinosaur diet.
Host-gut microbiota metabolic interactions.
Systematic localization of common disease-associated variation in regulatory DNA.
A lineage of myeloid cells independent of Myb and hematopoietic stem cells.
A reversible and higher-rate Li-O2 battery.
Spin-torque switching with the giant spin Hall effect of tantalum.
Lineage tracing reveals Lgr5+ stem cell activity in mouse intestinal adenomas.
Linking crystallographic model and data quality.
ApoE-directed therapeutics rapidly clear -amyloid and reverse deficits in AD mouse models.
A universal method to produce lowwork function electrodes for organic electronics.
A high-coverage genome sequence from an archaic Denisovan individual.
Millennial-scale variability in Antarctic ice-sheet discharge during the last deglaciation.
The diversity of quasars unified by accretion and orientation.
Viral tagging reveals discrete populations in Synechococcus viral genome sequence space.
A global strategy for road building.
Highly siderophile elements in Earth/'s mantle as a clock for the Moon-forming impact.
Intranasal epidermal growth factor treatment rescues neonatal brain injury.
Genome-defence small RNAs exapted for epigenetic mating-type inheritance.
Molecular architecture and mechanism of the anaphase-promoting complex.
Skin pigmentation provides evidence of convergent melanism in extinct marine reptiles.
The effects of genetic variation on gene expression dynamics during development.
Gene therapy: a tragic setback.
Numerous potentially functional but non-genic conserved sequences on human chromosome 21.
Shaggy/GSK3 antagonizes Hedgehog signalling by regulating Cubitus interruptus.
Inflammation and therapeutic vaccination in CNS diseases.
The structure and chemistry of the TiO2-rich surface of SrTiO3 (001).
Two-step binding mechanism for T-cell receptor recognition of peptideMHC.
Anhydrobiosis: plant desiccation gene found in a nematode.
MEC-2 regulates C. elegans DEG/ENaC channels needed for mechanosensation.
Scale dependence of bubble creation mechanisms in breaking waves.
Class IV semaphorin Sema4A enhances T-cell activation and interacts with Tim-2.
Reproducibility distinguishes conscious from nonconscious neural representations.
Cosmological constraints from strong gravitational lensing in clusters of galaxies.
Tyrannosaur paleobiology: new research on ancient exemplar organisms.
Neural CrestDerived Pericytes Promote Egress of Mature Thymocytes at the Corticomedullary Junction.
Spin-dependent quantum interference within a single magnetic nanostructure.
Ruling out multi-order interference in quantum mechanics.
A basal alvarezsauroid theropod from the early Late Jurassic of Xinjiang, China.
Melting of peridotite to 140 gigapascals.
Green gold catalysis.
Endosomal chloride-proton exchange rather than chloride conductance is crucial for renal endocytosis.
Local data are vital to worldwide conservation.
Maternal age and traits in offspring.
ReOs isotopic evidence for a lower crustal origin of massif-type anorthosites.
A giant atomic slide-puzzle.
Concurrent density dependence and independence in populations of arctic ground squirrels.
Making waves in physics.
Human evolution: a start for population genomics.
Phase transitions: Jumping between liquid states.
Immunology: a Toll for DNA vaccines.
Increased dissolved oxygen in Pacific intermediate waters due to lower rates of carbon oxidation in sediments.
Nectar secretion requires sucrose phosphate synthases and the sugar transporter SWEET9.
The complete structure of the large subunit of the mammalian mitochondrial ribosome.
Modelling human development and disease in pluripotent stem-cell-derived gastric organoids.
The sonic hedgehog factor GLI1 imparts drug resistance through inducible glucuronidation.
Proton transport through one-atom-thick crystals.
Conditional tolerance of temperate phages via transcription-dependent CRISPR-Cas targeting.
Contrasting roles of histone 3 lysine 27 demethylases in acute lymphoblastic leukaemia.
Nutrient-sensing nuclear receptors coordinate autophagy.
ABCB5 is a limbal stem cell gene required for corneal development and repair.
Amphibians acquire resistance to live and dead fungus overcoming fungal immunosuppression.
Inbreeding: disease susceptibility in California sea lions.
Microwave chemistry: Out of the kitchen.
Mechanism of genetic exchange in American trypanosomes.
Programmable computing with a single magnetoresistive element.
Genetics and the making of Homo sapiens.
Marine ecosystems: bacterial photosynthesis genes in a virus.
A role for Drosophila LKB1 in anteriorposterior axis formation and epithelial polarity.
True paternal care in a multi-male primate society.
Extinction-induced upregulation in AMPA receptors reduces cocaine-seeking behaviour.
Induction of dendritic spines by an extracellular domain of AMPA receptor subunit GluR2.
Inducing a magnetic monopole with topological surface states.
Carbon capture and storage: how green can black be?.
The challenge of finding a cure for HIV infection.
Fermi observations of high-energy gamma-ray emission from GRB 080916C.
S-nitrosylation of Drp1 mediates -amyloid-related mitochondrial fission and neuronal injury.
HIN-200 proteins regulate caspase activation in response to foreign cytoplasmic DNA.
Neuronal activityinduced Gadd45b promotes epigenetic DNA demethylation and adult neurogenesis.
Coherent intrachain energy migration in a conjugated polymer at room temperature.
The increasing complexity of the cancer stem cell paradigm.
Distilling free-form natural laws from experimental data.
A map of rice genome variation reveals the origin of cultivated rice.
Regulation of circadian behaviour and metabolism by REV-ERB-[agr] and REV-ERB-[bgr].
Optogenetic stimulation of a hippocampal engram activates fear memory recall.
Engineered two-dimensional Ising interactions in a trapped-ion quantum simulator with hundreds of spins.
Mitochondrial DNA that escapes from autophagy causes inflammation and heart failure.
Cancer exome analysis reveals a T-cell-dependent mechanism of cancer immunoediting.
Antibody-based protection against HIV infection by vectored immunoprophylaxis.
Pathogen-induced human TH17 cells produce IFN-[ggr] or IL-10 and are regulated by IL-1 [bgr].
Global landscape of HIV-human protein complexes.
Climate policy: Oil's tipping point has passed.
Integration of chemical catalysis with extractive fermentation to produce fuels.
SHARP1 suppresses breast cancer metastasis by promoting degradation of hypoxia-inducible factors.
FBXO11 targets BCL6 for degradation and is inactivated in diffuse large B-cell lymphomas.
First dairying in green Saharan Africa in the fifth millennium BC.
Structural and genetic basis for development of broadly neutralizing influenza antibodies.
Structure and mechanism of a glutamate-GABA antiporter.
Polar methane accumulation and rainstorms on Titan from simulations of the methane cycle.
DAXX envelops a histone H3. 3-H4 dimer for H3. 3-specific recognition.
An oxygen-regulated switch in the protein synthesis machinery.
Model organisms: There's more to life than rats and flies.
The peopling of the Pacific.
Peer review and quality: A dubious connection?.
The Cambrian explosion exploded?.
The risk of extinction: what you don't know will hurt you.
Evidence for coherent proton tunneling in a hydrogen bond network.
Cluster solutions.
Patterns of Arctic circulation.
Genome duplications: the stuff of evolution.
The evolution of epigenetics.
Repeating deep earthquakes: evidence for fault reactivation at great depth.
Live imaging RNAi screen reveals genes essential for meiosis in mammalian oocytes.
Neutron facility: European Spallation Source is on track.
[C] Regenerative biology: Neuregulin 1 makes heart muscle.
Evolution: Finches sequenced.
Plant genetics: Czech centre marks Mendel anniversary.
Increases in tropical rainfall driven by changes in frequency of organized deep convection.
Spatiotemporal control of a novel synaptic organizer molecule.
Dosage delivery of sensitive reagents enables glove-box-free synthesis.
Pollution: Build on success in China.
Quantum phase extraction in isospectral electronic nanostructures.
The dust halo of Saturn's largest icy moon, Rhea.
Properties of gamma-ray burst progenitor stars.
N2O5 oxidizes chloride to Cl2 in acidic atmospheric aerosol.
Selection on major components of angiosperm genomes.
Evidence of global chlorophyll d.
Imaging phonon excitation with atomic resolution.
Dimethylsulfoniopropionate as a foraging cue for reef fishes.
Synchronous aggregate growth in an abundant new Ediacaran tubular organism.
[C] Microbicide fails to protect against HIV.
Novel mutations target distinct subgroups of medulloblastoma.
Apolipoprotein E controls cerebrovascular integrity via cyclophilin A.
The Amazon basin in transition.
Molecular machines governing exocytosis of synaptic vesicles.
Adenoma-linked barrier defects and microbial products drive IL-23/IL-17-mediated tumour growth.
Realization of three-qubit quantum error correction with superconducting circuits.
Neuron-type-specific signals for reward and punishment in the ventral tegmental area.
Revealing the quantum regime in tunnelling plasmonics.
Myocardial infarction accelerates atherosclerosis.
A microRNA regulon that mediates endothelial recruitment and metastasis by cancer cells.
What if there are only 30,000 human genes?.
Evolutionary dynamics of plant R-genes.
Reversible surface morphology changes of a photochromic diarylethene single crystal by photoirradiation.
Widespread origins of domestic horse lineages.
Freshwater forcing of abrupt climate change during the last glaciation.
Homeostatic regulation of the immune system by receptor tyrosine kinases of the Tyro 3 family.
Impact event at the Permian-Triassic boundary: Evidence from extraterrestrial noble gases in fullerenes.
Defective lymphotoxin- receptor-induced NF-B transcriptional activity in NIK-deficient mice.
Migration of Plasmodium sporozoites through cells before infection.
Hydrogel control of xylem hydraulic resistance in plants.
Structure of malaria invasion protein RH5 with erythrocyte basigin and blocking antibodies.
Strong contributions of local background climate to urban heat islands.
Site-specific group selection drives locally adapted group compositions.
[C] Physics: QBism puts the scientist back into science.
Passive radiative cooling below ambient air temperature under direct sunlight.
Selection for niche differentiation in plant communities increases biodiversity effects.
Cyclin D1-Cdk4 controls glucose metabolism independently of cell cycle progression.
Medical research: Ebola therapy protects severely ill monkeys.
Learning to coexist with wildfire.
A Ctf4 trimer couples the CMG helicase to DNA polymerase [agr] in the eukaryotic replisome.
Surface hydrophobin prevents immune recognition of airborne fungal spores.
Temporally precise in vivo control of intracellular signalling.
Deep homology and the origins of evolutionary novelty.
Reactive oxygen species prime Drosophila haematopoietic progenitors for differentiation.
Genomic views of distant-acting enhancers.
Antioxidant and oncogene rescue of metabolic defects caused by loss of matrix attachment.
Directed transdifferentiation of mouse mesoderm to heart tissue by defined factors.
Inspiration and application in the evolution of biomaterials.
Obliquity-paced Pliocene West Antarctic ice sheet oscillations.
Requirement for NF-&kgr; B signalling in a mouse model of lung adenocarcinoma.
Photon capture and signalling by melanopsin retinal ganglion cells.
CCR7 signalling as an essential regulator of CNS infiltration in T-cell leukaemia.
Life without a wall or division machine in Bacillus subtilis.
Signalling through RHEB-1 mediates intermittent fasting-induced longevity in C. elegans.
Coenzyme recognition and gene regulation by a flavin mononucleotide riboswitch.
Riboflavin kinase couples TNF receptor 1 to NADPH oxidase.
Decision-related activity in sensory neurons reflects more than a neuron's causal effect.
Scaleable catalytic asymmetric Strecker syntheses of unnatural &agr;-amino acids.
A single regulatory gene is sufficient to alter bacterial host range.
Migration of the subtropical front as a modulator of glacial climate.
Melanopsin-containing retinal ganglion cells: architecture, projections, and intrinsic photosensitivity.
Alteration of lymphocyte trafficking by sphingosine-1-phosphate receptor agonists.
Broken limits to life expectancy.
Interpretation of recent Southern Hemisphere climate change.
Production of -1, 3-galactosyltransferase knockout pigs by nuclear transfer cloning.
A photoactivatable GFP for selective photolabeling of proteins and cells.
Protein nanoarrays generated by dip-pen nanolithography.
A genomic regulatory network for development.
Dynamic brain sources of visual evoked responses.
Emotion, cognition, and behavior.
A regular period for Saturn's magnetic field that may track its internal rotation.
Superhydrophobicity: drying transition of confined water.
Future fitness and helping in social queues.
A low density of 0.8 g cm-3 for the Trojan binary asteroid 617 Patroclus.
CO2 jets formed by sublimation beneath translucent slab ice in Mars' seasonal south polar ice cap.
Synthesis and structural analysis of 2-quinuclidonium tetrafluoroborate.
Polarons and confinement of electronic motion to two dimensions in a layered manganite.
Global change: a green source of surprise.
Methane storms on Saturn's moon Titan.
Transiting extrasolar planetary candidates in the Galactic bulge.
Formation of the widest binary stars from dynamical unfolding of triple systems.
Recurrent network activity drives striatal synaptogenesis.
Stereocontrolled organocatalytic synthesis of prostaglandin PGF2 [agr] in seven steps.
Pause on avian flu transmission studies.
Nanotechnology: shape matters.
Fluoride ion encapsulation by Mg2+ ions and phosphates in a fluoride riboswitch.
Possible tropical lakes on Titan from observations of dark terrain.
Structure and mechanism of a bacterial sodium-dependent dicarboxylate transporter.
The signature of the first stars in atomic hydrogen at redshift 20.
The 10th Annual Bioassays and Bioanalytical Method Development Conference.
Nanopore DNA sequencing: Are we there yet?.
Macrocycles as potential therapeutic agents in neglected diseases.
Opiorphin analysis in equine plasma and urine using hydrophilic interaction LC-MS.
[C] Development of China's biofuel industry and policy making in comparison with international practices.
Recent advance of the hepatitis B virus inhibitors: a medicinal chemistry overview.
Recent advances of DNA sequencing via nanopore-based technologies.
Natural products with antischistosomal activity.
Defining the challenges of the Modern Analytical Laboratory (CPSA USA 2014): the risks and reality of personalized healthcare.
Validation of a two-step quality control approach for a large-scale human urine metabolomic study conducted in seven experimental batches with LC/QTOF-MS.
The ethical frontiers of robotics.
Evidence for karyogamy and exchange of genetic material in the binucleate intestinal parasite Giardia intestinalis.
Temperature-induced hydrophobic-hydrophilic transition observed by water adsorption.
Sporadic autonomic dysregulation and death associated with excessive serotonin autoinhibition.
Germination, genetics, and growth of an ancient date seed.
MESSENGER observations of the composition of Mercury's ionized exosphere and plasma environment.
The contribution of single synapses to sensory representation in vivo.
Temperature sensing by an olfactory neuron in a circuit controlling behavior of C. elegans.
HARP is an ATP-driven annealing helicase.
Legionella effectors that promote nonlytic release from protozoa.
Ciliary photoreceptors with a vertebrate-type opsin in an invertebrate brain.
Activation of endogenous Cdc42 visualized in living cells.
Gene therapy insertional mutagenesis insights.
Discovery and directed evolution of a glyphosate tolerance gene.
Foxg1 suppresses early cortical cell fate.
Mineralogy at Meridiani Planum from the Mini-TES experiment on the Opportunity Rover.
Transitions from nonliving to living matter.
A molecular photodiode system that can switch photocurrent direction.
Mesophase structure-mechanical and ionic transport correlations in extended amphiphilic dendrons.
Herculaneum victims of Vesuvius in AD 79.
A genomic view of immunology.
Communications technology: A bottleneck for optical fibres.
Neurobiology: Snails, synapses and smokers.
Physiology: nitric oxide and respiration.
Reasoning for results.
Neurobiology: Cannabinoids act backwards.
A massive cloud of cold atomic hydrogen in the outer Galaxy.
Upper-mantle dynamics revealed by helium isotope variations along the southeast Indian ridge.
Tumour suppressors (Communication arising): Effect of DNA damage on a BRCA1 complex.
Self-destructive cooperation mediated by phenotypic noise.
Reduction and selective oxo group silylation of the uranyl dication.
A GaAs polariton light-emitting diode operating near room temperature.
E2F1 represses &bgr;-catenin transcription and is antagonized by both pRB and CDK8.
Nuclear receptor corepressor and histone deacetylase 3 govern circadian metabolic physiology.
Rotational breakup as the origin of small binary asteroids.
Conformational transition of Sec machinery inferred from bacterial SecYE structures.
Water: wateran enduring mystery.
North American ice-sheet dynamics and the onset of 100,000-year glacial cycles.
Molecular biology: the expanding world of small RNAs.
Evolution of coral pigments recreated.
Soils, agriculture, and society in precontact Hawaii.
Seismic anisotropy beneath Ruapehu volcano: A possible eruption forecasting tool.
Weak faultsrotten cores.
Asynchronous terrestrial and marine signals of climate change during Heinrich events.
Three-dimensional hydrogen microscopy in diamond.
Leading-edge vortex lifts swifts.
Total synthesis of norzoanthamine.
The fat-brain axis enters a new dimension.
Recruitment and spreading of the C. elegans dosage compensation complex along X chromosomes.
Rethinking the marine carbon cycle: Factoring in the multifarious lifestyles of microbes.
Universal solvent restructuring induced by colloidal nanoparticles.
Meet two new science spending cardinals in Congress.
Multiwavelength achromatic metasurfaces by dispersive phase compensation.
Planted forest health: The need for a global strategy.
Adaptive synergy between catechol and lysine promotes wet adhesion by surface salt displacement.
Mutations in a translation initiation factor identify the target of a memory-enhancing compound.
Substrate degradation by the proteasome: A single-molecule kinetic analysis.
Pervasive degeneracy and epistasis in a protein-protein interface.
IPCC: social scientists are ready.
Cancer: The complex seeds of metastasis.
Cleavage of GSDMD by inflammatory caspases determines pyroptotic cell death.
Intracellular [agr]-ketoglutarate maintains the pluripotency of embryonic stem cells.
Crystal structures of a double-barrelled fluoride ion channel.
Epigenomics: Roadmap for regulation.
Relocation: Out of place.
Vernon B. Mountcastle (1918-2015).
Entorhinal cortex layer III input to the hippocampus is crucial for temporal association memory.
Making data maximally available.
Aerosol indirect effect on biogeochemical cycles and climate.
A major environmental cause of death.
Glycolytic oscillations and limits on robust efficiency.
Transforming US agriculture.
A cryptic subgroup of Anopheles gambiae is highly susceptible to human malaria parasites.
Megacity emissions and lifetimes of nitrogen oxides probed from space.
Attention but not awareness modulates the BOLD signal in the human V1 during binocular suppression.
Methylhydroxycarbene: Tunneling control of a chemical reaction.
IAPP-driven metabolic reprogramming induces regression of p53-deficient tumours in vivo.
Intensification and spatial homogenization of coastal upwelling under climate change.
PLD3 in non-familial Alzheimer's disease.
Cardiac lymphatics are heterogeneous in origin and respond to injury.
Mitochondrial reticulum for cellular energy distribution in muscle.
The most incompressible metal osmium at static pressures above 750 gigapascals.
Ocean science: The origins of a climate oscillation.
 .
Tel1ATM-mediated interference suppresses clustered meiotic double-strand-break formation.
Growth and host interaction of mouse segmented filamentous bacteria in vitro.
Organicinorganic interactions in petroleum-producing sedimentary basins.
Evidence for low sulphate and anoxia in a mid-Proterozoic marine basin.
Engineering evolution to study speciation in yeasts.
Gigantic jets between a thundercloud and the ionosphere.
Structural adaptability in the ligand-binding pocket of the ecdysone hormone receptor.
Chondroitin proteoglycans are involved in cell division of Caenorhabditis elegans.
Different domains of synaptotagmin control the choice between kiss-and-run and full fusion.
Optimization of specificity in a cellular protein interaction network by negative selection.
Conservation: Reproductive collapse in saiga antelope harems.
The evolution of reproductive isolation through sexual conflict.
Ephrin-B2 regulates VEGFR2 function in developmental and tumour angiogenesis.
S-glutathionylation uncouples eNOS and regulates its cellular and vascular function.
Ice-sheet acceleration driven by melt supply variability.
The cells and peripheral representation of sodium taste in mice.
Negative plant-soil feedback predicts tree-species relative abundance in a tropical forest.
Global and local fMRI signals driven by neurons defined optogenetically by type and wiring.
Reducing excessive GABA-mediated tonic inhibition promotes functional recovery after stroke.
Production and application of electron vortex beams.
Regulation of synaptic connectivity by glia.
Control of female gamete formation by a small RNA pathway in Arabidopsis.
Co-evolution of a broadly neutralizing HIV-1 antibody and founder virus.
Metabolism of inflammation limited by AMPK and pseudo-starvation.
Rapid regulation of depression-related behaviours by control of midbrain dopamine neurons.
CXCL12 in early mesenchymal progenitors is required for haematopoietic stem-cell maintenance.
Aegilops tauschii draft genome sequence reveals a gene repertoire for wheat adaptation.
Modelling vemurafenib resistance in melanoma reveals a strategy to forestall drug resistance.
Chemical mapping of a single molecule by plasmon-enhanced Raman scattering.
Optical control of mammalian endogenous transcription and epigenetic states.
Haematopoietic stem cells and early lymphoid progenitors occupy distinct bone marrow niches.
Spin-orbit coupling in quantum gases.
The outlook for population growth.
Endotoxin-induced structural transformations in liquid crystalline droplets.
Surface-plasmon holography with white-light illumination.
Spin selectivity in electron transmission through self-assembled monolayers of double-stranded DNA.
Deflating the genomic bubble.
Domain dynamics during ferroelectric switching.
Sequential establishment of stripe patterns in an expanding cell population.
Australopithecus sediba hand demonstrates mosaic evolution of locomotor and manipulative abilities.
Again, and again, and again.
Life at the top: rank and stress in wild male baboons.
Bracing for Islamic creationism.
Energy uptake and allocation during ontogeny.
Response to comment on" protein sequences from mastodon and Tyrannosaurus rex revealed by mass spectrometry".
The Avalon explosion: evolution of Ediacara morphospace.
Splicing factors facilitate RNAi-directed silencing in fission yeast.
A transient radio jet in an erupting dwarf nova.
Trampoline effect in extreme ground motion.
The maternal nucleolus is essential for early embryonic development in mammals.
Genetic determinants of self identity and social recognition in bacteria.
The electrical conductivity of post-perovskite in Earth's D''layer.
Coherent control of decoherence.
Iron isotope fractionation during magmatic differentiation in Kilauea Iki lava lake.
The role of impulse on the initiation of particle movement under turbulent flow conditions.
Elevation changes in Antarctica mainly determined by accumulation variability.
Complete characterization of quantum-optical processes.
Weak interplate coupling by seamounts and repeating M~ 7 earthquakes.
Intermittent plate tectonics?.
Association of the ADAM33 gene with asthma and bronchial hyperresponsiveness.
Structural identification of a bacterial quorum-sensing signal containing boron.
Exchange-coupled nanocomposite magnets by nanoparticle self-assembly.
An extensive network of coupling among gene expression machines.
A proteomic view of the Plasmodium falciparum life cycle.
Neurons in medial prefrontal cortex signal memory for fear extinction.
HIV preferentially infects HIV-specific CD4&plus; T cells.
Superoxide activates mitochondrial uncoupling proteins.
Observation of coupled magnetic and electric domains.
Food chemistry: acrylamide from Maillard reaction products.
Plant nutrition: rooting for more phosphorus.
Tissue engineering: blood vessels on a chip.
NIH Image to ImageJ: 25 years of image analysis.
Water under pressure.
Demography: to the limit.
Laboratory measurements of the viscous anisotropy of olivine aggregates.
Pulsed electron paramagnetic resonance spectroscopy powered by a free-electron laser.
Turing centenary: The incomputable reality.
Electronics:'Cut and stick'ion gels.
Physics: Why symmetry matters.
Orbitofrontal dysfunction in patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder and their unaffected relatives.
The crystal structure of [Fe]-hydrogenase reveals the geometry of the active site.
Arabidopsis CLV3 peptide directly binds CLV1 ectodomain.
Phosphorylation by p38 MAPK as an alternative pathway for GSK3 inactivation.
Nuclear reprogramming in cells.
Gold-catalyzed synthesis of aromatic azo compounds from anilines and nitroaromatics.
Self-assembled water-soluble nucleic acid probe tiles for label-free RNA hybridization assays.
Rapid neural coding in the retina with relative spike latencies.
Virus attenuation by genome-scale changes in codon pair bias.
Structure of the immature dengue virus at low pH primes proteolytic maturation.
Highly charged ions in cold confines.
Ultralow-fatigue shape memory alloy films.
Critics question plans to spray dispersant in future deep spills.
Synthesis of many different types of organic small molecules using one automated process.
A European postdoc for the family.
Transparency versus harassment.
Prescribing splicing.
Big names or big ideas: Do peer-review panels select the best science proposals?.
Computational rationality: A converging paradigm for intelligence in brains, minds, and machines.
Palaeogeography: Devonian tetrapod from western Europe.
Triassic marine reptiles gave birth to live young.
The perils of anthropomorphism.
Public health vaccination policies for containing an anthrax outbreak.
Pathology: Whales, sonar and decompression sickness (reply).
Psychedelic drugs: the ups and downs of ecstasy.
Ageing: growing old gracefully.
Positive selection at sites of multiple amino acid replacements since ratmouse divergence.
The origin of the internal nostril of tetrapods.
Mantle segmentation along the Oman ophiolite fossil mid-ocean ridge.
Stromal fibroblasts in cancer initiation and progression.
Monoenergetic beams of relativistic electrons from intense laserplasma interactions.
Tomographic imaging of molecular orbitals.
High-quality electron beams from a laser wakefield accelerator using plasma-channel guiding.
Sirtuin activators mimic caloric restriction and delay ageing in metazoans.
The cytoplasmic body component TRIM5 restricts HIV-1 infection in Old World monkeys.
Inclusion body formation reduces levels of mutant huntingtin and the risk of neuronal death.
Genome duplication in the teleost fish Tetraodon nigroviridis reveals the early vertebrate proto-karyotype.
TonksGirardeau gas of ultracold atoms in an optical lattice.
Genesis of a highly pathogenic and potentially pandemic H5N1 influenza virus in eastern Asia.
Asymmetric tethering of flat and curved lipid membranes by a golgin.
Widespread triggering of nonvolcanic tremor in California.
Phosphorylation networks regulating JNK activity in diverse genetic backgrounds.
Early forebrain wiring: genetic dissection using conditional Celsr3 mutant mice.
Genome of an endosymbiont coupling N2 fixation to cellulolysis within protist cells in termite gut.
Shock-wave exploration of the high-pressure phases of carbon.
FGF-dependent mechanosensory organ patterning in zebrafish.
Surface tension transport of prey by feeding shorebirds: the capillary ratchet.
Rule learning by rats.
Design logic of a cannabinoid receptor signaling network that triggers neurite outgrowth.
Perspective: A means to an end.
Albedo and atmospheric constraints of dwarf planet Makemake from a stellar occultation.
Ultraviolet-radiation-induced methane emissions from meteorites and the Martian atmosphere.
Discovery of a sensory organ that coordinates lunge feeding in rorqual whales.
Perspective: Brain scans need a rethink.
[C] Why we are poles apart on climate change.
Constraints on the volatile distribution within Shackleton crater at the lunar south pole.
Materials science: Self-assembly gets new direction.
The global pattern of trace-element distributions in ocean floor basalts.
Presenting ENCODE.
Brassinosteroid regulates stomatal development by GSK3-mediated inhibition of a MAPK pathway.
Ice-sheet collapse and sea-level rise at the Bolling warming 14,600 [thinsp] years ago.
Distinct contribution of stem and progenitor cells to epidermal maintenance.
Tumour suppressor RNF43 is a stem-cell E3 ligase that induces endocytosis of Wnt receptors.
Decoherence-protected quantum gates for a hybrid solid-state spin register.
Genomics: ENCODE explained.
Is irisin a human exercise gene?.
Programmable single-cell mammalian biocomputers.
The microRNA miR-34 modulates ageing and neurodegeneration in Drosophila.
FMRP targets distinct mRNA sequence elements to regulate protein expression.
Rapid Hebbian axonal remodeling mediated by visual stimulation.
Histone chaperone ASF1A is required for maintenance of pluripotency and cellular reprogramming.
When contact changes minds: An experiment on transmission of support for gay equality.
Targeting and plasticity of mitochondrial proteins revealed by proximity-specific ribosome profiling.
Organic matter stoichiometry, flux, and oxygen control nitrogen loss in the ocean.
Digit patterning is controlled by a Bmp-Sox9-Wnt Turing network modulated by morphogen gradients.
RiboseAn Internal Threat to DNA.
Topology and dynamics of active nematic vesicles.
Strong ground motion prediction using virtual earthquakes.
Polyubiquitylation drives replisome disassembly at the termination of DNA replication.
Mutational robustness can facilitate adaptation.
DNA end resection by Dna2-Sgs1-RPA and its stimulation by Top3-Rmi1 and Mre11-Rad50-Xrs2.
Climate change and the global malaria recession.
Fundamental limits on the suppression of molecular fluctuations.
Maternal mRNA deadenylation and decay by the piRNA pathway in the early Drosophila embryo.
Prejudice and truth about the effect of testosterone on human bargaining behaviour.
Imaging the Fano lattice to 'hidden order'transition in URu2Si2.
MEC-17 is an [agr]-tubulin acetyltransferase.
Myosin II contributes to cell-scale actin network treadmilling through network disassembly.
The prion protein as a receptor for amyloid-[bgr].
Temperature-associated increases in the global soil respiration record.
Atom-by-atom structural and chemical analysis by annular dark-field electron microscopy.
Suppression of inflammation by a synthetic histone mimic.
Neural mechanisms of ageing and cognitive decline.
Recent decline in the global land evapotranspiration trend due to limited moisture supply.
Deciphering the splicing code.
The mutation spectrum revealed by paired genome sequences from a lung cancer patient.
High-performance genetically targetable optical neural silencing by light-driven proton pumps.
Genetics, pathogenesis and clinical interventions in type [thinsp] 1 diabetes.
Phenotypic profiling of the human genome by time-lapse microscopy reveals cell division genes.
2.2  resolution cryo-EM structure of -galactosidase in complex with a cell-permeant inhibitor.
Drugging RNAi.
The dark side of cosmology: Dark matter and dark energy.
Averting a North American biodiversity crisis.
Remote control of therapeutic T cells through a small moleculegated chimeric receptor.
How to generate head-to-tail polarity in a midge.
Combinatorial labeling of single cells for gene expression cytometry.
Composition-matched molecular solders for semiconductors.
Statistics requantitates the central dogma.
Identification and isolation of a dermal lineage with intrinsic fibrogenic potential.
The amyloid hypothesis of Alzheimer's disease: progress and problems on the road to therapeutics.
Carbon nanotubes--the route toward applications.
A system for stable expression of short interfering RNAs in mammalian cells.
The protein kinase complement of the human genome.
Hybrid nanorod-polymer solar cells.
The structure of haplotype blocks in the human genome.
Shape-controlled synthesis of gold and silver nanoparticles.
Systematic design of pore size and functionality in isoreticular MOFs and their application in methane storage.
The phosphoinositide 3-kinase pathway.
Network motifs: simple building blocks of complex networks.
Lateral presynaptic inhibition mediates gain control in an olfactory circuit.
Macrophage migration inhibitory factor stimulates AMP-activated protein kinase in the ischaemic heart.
Free choice activates a decision circuit between frontal and parietal cortex.
Imbalance between pSmad3 and Notch induces CDK inhibitors in old muscle stem cells.
Cool heliosheath plasma and deceleration of the upstream solar wind at the termination shock.
Silicon-chip-based ultrafast optical oscilloscope.
Materials science: supramolecular polymers.
Spatial cooperativity in soft glassy flows.
Frequency-modulated nuclear localization bursts coordinate gene regulation.
Cell cycle control of centromeric repeat transcription and heterochromatin assembly.
Giant spin Seebeck effect in a non-magnetic material.
Exploiting a natural conformational switch to engineer an interleukin-2/superkine/'.
Sisyphus cooling of electrically trapped polyatomic molecules.
Extended leaf phenology and the autumn niche in deciduous forest invasions.
An epigenetic silencing pathway controlling T helper 2 cell lineage commitment.
Ancient deuterostome origins of vertebrate brain signalling centres.
Electromagnetically induced transparency with resonant nuclei in a cavity.
Anhedonia requires MC4R-mediated synaptic adaptations in nucleus accumbens.
Impaired intrinsic immunity to HSV-1 in human iPSC-derived TLR3-deficient CNS cells.
Purkinje neuron synchrony elicits time-locked spiking in the cerebellar nuclei.
MED23 mutation links intellectual disability to dysregulation of immediate early gene expression.
Hollows on Mercury: MESSENGER evidence for geologically recent volatile-related activity.
Structure of the FANCI-FANCD2 complex: insights into the Fanconi anemia DNA repair pathway.
Superelastic effect in polycrystalline ferrous alloys.
Gametogenesis eliminates age-induced cellular damage and resets life span in yeast.
13C NMR guides rational design of nanocatalysts via chemisorption evaluation in liquid phase.
Sr-Nd-Pb isotope evidence for ice-sheet presence on southern Greenland during the Last Interglacial.
Robust crossover assurance and regulated interhomolog access maintain meiotic crossover number.
Advancing regulatory science.
Electron-hole diffusion lengths> 175 m in solution-grown CH3NH3PbI3 single crystals.
Low trap-state density and long carrier diffusion in organolead trihalide perovskite single crystals.
The human splicing code reveals new insights into the genetic determinants of disease.
Lysosomal amino acid transporter SLC38A9 signals arginine sufficiency to mTORC1.
An Aharonov-Bohm interferometer for determining Bloch band topology.
Metal-free efficient photocatalyst for stable visible water splitting via a two-electron pathway.
Estimating the reproducibility of psychological science.
Ab initio calculation of the neutron-proton mass difference.
Heads-up limit hold'em poker is solved.
Plastic waste inputs from land into the ocean.
Protostellar feedback halts the growth of the first stars in the universe.
X-ROS signaling: rapid mechano-chemo transduction in heart.
Carving at the nanoscale: Sequential galvanic exchange and Kirkendall growth at room temperature.
The formation and fragmentation of disks around primordial protostars.
Glutamate receptorlike genes form Ca2+ channels in pollen tubes and are regulated by pistil D-serine.
The dynamic architecture of Hox gene clusters.
A packing mechanism for nucleosome organization reconstituted across a eukaryotic genome.
The influence of Late Quaternary climate-change velocity on species endemism.
FGF19 as a postprandial, insulin-independent activator of hepatic protein and glycogen synthesis.
Terrestrial ecosystem responses to species gains and losses.
An atomic-level view of melting using femtosecond electron diffraction.
A guide to CO (2) sequestration.
Synchronization of cellular clocks in the suprachiasmatic nucleus.
Climate and the collapse of Maya civilization.
Negligible effect of ions on the hydrogen-bond structure in liquid water.
Mutations in dynein link motor neuron degeneration to defects in retrograde transport.
Antibody multispecificity mediated by conformational diversity.
CLIP identifies Nova-regulated RNA networks in the brain.
Scanning human gene deserts for long-range enhancers.
Geographic barriers isolate endemic populations of hyperthermophilic archaea.
Density dependence explains tree species abundance and diversity in tropical forests.
The Ter mutation in the dead end gene causes germ cell loss and testicular germ cell tumours.
The 'solar model problem'solved by the abundance of neon in nearby stars.
Mesoscale conformational changes in the DNA-repair complex Rad50/Mre11/Nbs1 upon binding DNA.
Current measurement by real-time counting of single electrons.
Interference with AI-2-mediated bacterial cellcell communication.
The MET oncogene drives a genetic programme linking cancer to haemostasis.
The mass of the missing baryons in the X-ray forest of the warmhot intergalactic medium.
Cognitive psychology: rare items often missed in visual searches.
Structural and mechanistic insights into the interaction between Rho and mammalian Dia.
SOS response induction by -lactams and bacterial defense against antibiotic lethality.
Structural basis of transcription: an RNA polymerase II-TFIIB cocrystal at 4.5 Angstroms.
Zooming in on a quantitative trait for tomato yield using interspecific introgressions.
A family with severe insulin resistance and diabetes due to a mutation in AKT2.
Mesoporous silicates prepared using preorganized templates in supercritical fluids.
Accelerated sea-level rise from West Antarctica.
Biodiversity effects on soil processes explained by interspecific functional dissimilarity.
High-performance solid acid fuel cells through humidity stabilization.
Mitochondrial fusion intermediates revealed in vitro.
Herbivores promote habitat specialization by trees in Amazonian forests.
Cyclic GMP-AMP synthase is an innate immune sensor of HIV and other retroviruses.
Impact factor distortions.
JNK expression by macrophages promotes obesity-induced insulin resistance and inflammation.
A Tumor suppressor complex with GAP activity for the Rag GTPases that signal amino acid sufficiency to mTORC1.
Ultrathin, molecular-sieving graphene oxide membranes for selective hydrogen separation.
Plant-pollinator interactions over 120 years: loss of species, co-occurrence, and function.
Pandoraviruses: amoeba viruses with genomes up to 2.5 Mb reaching that of parasitic eukaryotes.
A major asymmetric dust trap in a transition disk.
Perovskite-based solar cells.
Reading literary fiction improves theory of mind.
Two chemically distinct pools of organic nitrogen accumulate in the ocean.
Small things and big changes in the developing world.
Supernova olivine from cometary dust.
The dust grains from 9P/Tempel 1 before and after the encounter with Deep Impact.
Corrected Late Triassic latitudes for continents adjacent to the North Atlantic.
Hierarchies in biomineral structures.
The science of child sexual abuse.
Olmec pottery production and export in ancient Mexico determined through elemental analysis.
Fermionic bell-state analyzer for spin qubits.
Long-term modulation of electrical synapses in the mammalian thalamus.
A close nuclear black-hole pair in the spiral galaxy NGC [thinsp] 3393.
Late Holocene methane rise caused by orbitally controlled increase in tropical sources.
Permanent El Nio during the Pliocene warm period not supported by coral evidence.
Transport through modes in random media.
The assembly of a GTPase-kinase signalling complex by a bacterial catalytic scaffold.
Is there a decline in marine phytoplankton?.
Neuronal activity is required for the development of specific cortical interneuron subtypes.
East Antarctic rifting triggers uplift of the Gamburtsev Mountains.
RNAi promotes heterochromatic silencing through replication-coupled release of RNA Pol II.
ATM controls meiotic double-strand-break formation.
Functional genomic analysis of cell division in C. elegans using RNAi of genes on chromosome III.
Direct electrochemical reduction of titanium dioxide to titanium in molten calcium chloride.
A colorimetric sensor array for odour visualization.
Getting the measure of biodiversity.
Growth patterns in the developing brain detected by using continuum mechanical tensor maps.
Modulation of A-type potassium channels by a family of calcium sensors.
Stargazin regulates synaptic targeting of AMPA receptors by two distinct mechanisms.
A chemokine-driven positive feedback loop organizes lymphoid follicles.
Urinary bladder hyporeflexia and reduced pain-related behaviour in P2X 3-deficient mice.
Optical emission from a charge-tunable quantum ring.
Exploiting diversity and synthetic biology for the production of algal biofuels.
Embryonic stem cell potency fluctuates with endogenous retrovirus activity.
Mutations in the profilin 1 gene cause familial amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Activation of remote meta-CH bonds assisted by an end-on template.
Selective cortical representation of attended speaker in multi-talker speech perception.
Spontaneous motion in hierarchically assembled active matter.
Molecular mechanism of ATP binding and ion channel activation in P2X receptors.
A gas cloud on its way towards the supermassive black hole at the Galactic Centre.
Crystal structure of a voltage-gated sodium channel in two potentially inactivated states.
Early-stage epigenetic modification during somatic cell reprogramming by Parp1 and Tet2.
Low-cost travel in neurons.
Corn-based ethanol flunks key test.
Facile Synthesis of AsP3.
UV absorption cross sections of ClOOCl are consistent with ozone degradation models.
A comeback for gene therapy.
Assessing the impact of science funding.
Using neural measures of economic value to solve the public goods free-rider problem.
Bone assemblages track animal community structure over 40 years in an African savanna ecosystem.
The thickness of tectonic plates.
An anomalous basaltic meteorite from the innermost main belt.
Quantum entanglement of high angular momenta.
An all-silicon passive optical diode.
Spectroscopic characterization of mineralogy and its diversity across Vesta.
A SUMOylation-dependent transcriptional subprogram is required for Myc-driven tumorigenesis.
Quantifying the impact of human mobility on malaria.
Fluorescence enhancement at docking sites of DNA-directed self-assembled nanoantennas.
Crystal structure of the human K2P TRAAK, a lipid-and mechano-sensitive K+ ion channel.
PTF 11kx: A Type Ia supernova with a symbiotic nova progenitor.
Mapping the origins and expansion of the Indo-European language family.
Structural basis of TLR5-flagellin recognition and signaling.
Details of insect wing design and deformation enhance aerodynamic function and flight efficiency.
Polydnaviruses of braconid wasps derive from an ancestral nudivirus.
-Secretase heterogeneity in the Aph1 subunit: relevance for Alzheimer's disease.
The dynamics of phenotypic change and the shrinking sheep of St. Kilda.
Superconductivity at the two-dimensional limit.
Penumbral structure and outflows in simulated sunspots.
Direct measurement of molecular mobility in actively deformed polymer glasses.
Visualizing antigen-specific and infected cells in situ predicts outcomes in early viral infection.
Looming global-scale failures and missing institutions.
Innate lymphoid cells drive interleukin-23-dependent innate intestinal pathology.
Nonlinear atom interferometer surpasses classical precision limit.
Conversion of adult pancreatic &agr;-cells to &bgr;-cells after extreme &bgr;-cell loss.
The Amphimedon queenslandica genome and the evolution of animal complexity.
Global phytoplankton decline over the past century.
Disruption of the clock components CLOCK and BMAL1 leads to hypoinsulinaemia and diabetes.
Zebrafish heart regeneration occurs by cardiomyocyte dedifferentiation and proliferation.
Quantum entanglement between an optical photon and a solid-state spin qubit.
Opposing microRNA families regulate self-renewal in mouse embryonic stem cells.
From noncoding variant to phenotype via SORT1 at the 1p13 cholesterol locus.
Geodynamo, solar wind, and magnetopause 3.4 to 3.45 billion years ago.
Land-level changes produced by the Mw 8.8 2010 Chilean earthquake.
Interesting times for marine N2O.
Calcareous nannoplankton response to surface-water acidification around Oceanic Anoxic Event 1a.
Fossil evidence for evolution of the shape and color of penguin feathers.
The impact of tellurium supply on cadmium telluride photovoltaics.
The evolution of maximum body size of terrestrial mammals.
Cancer's circulation problem.
Synchrony of thalamocortical inputs maximizes cortical reliability.
238U/235U variations in meteorites: Extant 247Cm and implications for Pb-Pb dating.
Ecology: Deep and complex ways to survive bleaching.
Structure: Artificial armour.
Molecular biology: DNA replication reconstructed.
Data visualization: Mapping the topical space.
Mitochondrial DNA stress primes the antiviral innate immune response.
Postgraduate careers: The hunt for the elusive alumni.
DNA repair: Familiar ends with alternative endings.
Microbiology: Taking the bad with the good.
Organometallic palladium reagents for cysteine bioconjugation.
Neurodegeneration: Cold shock protects the brain.
Control of light emission by 3D photonic crystals.
Chemistry of rocks and soils at Meridiani Planum from the Alpha Particle X-ray Spectrometer.
Reconstitution of Ca2+-regulated membrane fusion by synaptotagmin and SNAREs.
Community assembly through adaptive radiation in Hawaiian spiders.
Quantum optimally controlled transition landscapes.
RAD51C is required for Holliday junction processing in mammalian cells.
Middle Miocene southern ocean cooling and Antarctic cryosphere expansion.
Missing OH reactivity in a forest: Evidence for unknown reactive biogenic VOCs.
Crystal structure of biotin synthase, an S-adenosylmethionine-dependent radical enzyme.
An ab initio molecular dynamics study of the aqueous liquid-vapor interface.
Observation of electroluminescence and photovoltaic response in ionic junctions.
Earthquake rupture stalled by a subducting fracture zone.
Lower Cambrian vendobionts from China and early diploblast evolution.
U-Pb isotopic age of the StW 573 hominid from Sterkfontein, South Africa.
Large wind shift on the Great Plains during the Medieval Warm Period.
Paleogenomics of echinoderms.
Stability via asynchrony in Drosophila metapopulations with low migration rates.
[C] Scientific description can imperil species.
Plasma acceleration above Martian magnetic anomalies.
What happened to global warming? Scientists say just wait a bit.
Evolution of a novel phenolic pathway for pollen development.
Peatland response to global change.
Nonvolcanic tremor evolution and the San Simeon and Parkfield, California, earthquakes.
Reducing the risks of the wildlife trade.
Electron cryomicroscopy of E. coli reveals filament bundles involved in plasmid DNA segregation.
Genetic code supports targeted insertion of two amino acids by one codon.
Genetic contribution to variation in cognitive function: an FMRI study in twins.
Insect conservation.
Anthropogenic impacts on nitrogen isotopes of ice-core nitrate.
Archipelago regulates Cyclin E levels in Drosophila and is mutated in human cancer cell lines.
Self-recognition and the right hemisphere..
Crystal structure of the anthrax lethal factor.
Complete mitochondrial genome sequences of two extinct moas clarify ratite evolution.
Sub-poissonian loading of single atoms in a microscopic dipole trap.
A single ion as a nanoscopic probe of an optical field.
Interocular rivalry revealed in the human cortical blind-spot representation.
KANADI regulates organ polarity in Arabidopsis.
Nanotechnology: synthesis of carbon'onions' in water.
Imperfect vaccines and the evolution of pathogen virulence.
Human biology by proxy.
Carnivorous plants: mass march of termites into the deadly trap.
Biochemical ecology: how plants fight dirty.
The confinement of Neptune's ring arcs by the moon Galatea.
Frogs put in the gender blender by America's favourite herbicide.
Fast heating scalable to laser fusion ignition..
On the scents of smell in the salamander.
Brain development: memory enhancement in early childhood.
Cell evolution: mitochondria in hiding.
Gravity measurement: amazing GRACE.
Integrative analysis of haplotype-resolved epigenomes across human tissues.
Contribution of changes in atmospheric circulation patterns to extreme temperature trends.
Global vision: International Council for Science responds.
SHMT2 drives glioma cell survival in ischaemia but imposes a dependence on glycine clearance.
Epoxyeicosatrienoic acids enhance embryonic haematopoiesis and adult marrow engraftment.
Autobiography: In search of self and science.
Biodiversity: Land use matters.
The quiet revolution of numerical weather prediction.
Sequential cancer mutations in cultured human intestinal stem cells.
The direct arylation of allylic sp3 CH bonds via organic and photoredox catalysis.
Abrupt climate change.
Discovery of gene function by expression profiling of the malaria parasite life cycle.
The architecture of cognitive control in the human prefrontal cortex.
Zero-mode waveguides for single-molecule analysis at high concentrations.
Synthesis of serotonin by a second tryptophan hydroxylase isoform.
Induction of APOBEC3G ubiquitination and degradation by an HIV-1 Vif-Cul5-SCF complex.
Derepression of BDNF transcription involves calcium-dependent phosphorylation of MeCP2.
Holocene forcing of the Indian monsoon recorded in a stalagmite from southern Oman.
Assessing the impact of the Green Revolution, 1960 to 2000.
Inferring genetic networks and identifying compound mode of action via expression profiling.
Structure of rotavirus outer-layer protein VP7 bound with a neutralizing Fab.
Fast synaptic subcortical control of hippocampal circuits.
Early lunar magnetism.
Aggregation-induced dissociation of HCl (H2O) 4 below 1 K: The smallest droplet of acid.
Deletion of Atoh1 disrupts Sonic Hedgehog signaling in the developing cerebellum and prevents medulloblastoma.
Self-assembling sequence-adaptive peptide nucleic acids.
Morphogenesis of self-assembled nanocrystalline materials of barium carbonate and silica.
Early hominin foot morphology based on 1.5-million-year-old footprints from Ileret, Kenya.
Characterization of multipartite entanglement for one photon shared among four optical modes.
Evolution of the Drosophila nuclear pore complex results in multiple hybrid incompatibilities.
Shared decision-making drives collective movement in wild baboons.
Determination of in vivo target search kinetics of regulatory noncoding RNA.
Production of amorphous nanoparticles by supersonic spray-drying with a microfluidic nebulator.
Probing Johnson noise and ballistic transport in normal metals with a single-spin qubit.
Traces of collisions within collisions.
Miocene small-bodied ape from Eurasia sheds light on hominoid evolution.
How a virus travels the world.
The dark side of sunlight and melanoma.
The coordination chemistry of nanocrystal surfaces.
A metal-free organic-inorganic aqueous flow battery.
Epigenomic alterations define lethal CIMP-positive ependymomas of infancy.
Landscape of genomic alterations in cervical carcinomas.
Non-local propagation of correlations in quantum systems with long-range interactions.
Recent advances in homogeneous nickel catalysis.
Search for Majorana neutrinos with the first two years of EXO-200 data.
Landscape and variation of RNA secondary structure across the human transcriptome.
Reconstructing lineage hierarchies of the distal lung epithelium using single-cell RNA-seq.
High-throughput screening of a CRISPR/Cas9 library for functional genomics in human cells.
REST and stress resistance in ageing and Alzheimer/'s disease.
Giant tunnel electroresistance for non-destructive readout of ferroelectric states.
Friction laws at the nanoscale.
Neuroscience: gliamore than just brain glue.
Metalloproteins and metal sensing.
Drivers of biodiagnostic development.
JAK2 phosphorylates histone H3Y41 and excludes HP1&agr; from chromatin.
The haemangioblast generates haematopoietic cells through a haemogenic endothelium stage.
Enhancing SIV-specific immunity in vivo by PD-1 blockade.
L1 retrotransposition in human neural progenitor cells.
Human ISL1 heart progenitors generate diverse multipotent cardiovascular cell lineages.
A chromatin remodelling complex that loads cohesin onto human chromosomes.
Stepwise radial complexation of imine groups in phenylazomethine dendrimers.
The impact-factors debate: the ISI's uses and limits.
Cells compete for decapentaplegic survival factor to prevent apoptosis in Drosophila wing development.
Remains of Homo erectus from Bouri, Middle Awash, Ethiopia.
Active fluidization of polymer networks through molecular motors.
A re-examination of proximodistal patterning during vertebrate limb development.
Ageing: Cognitive change and the APOE &epsiv; 4 allele.
Electrical discharge from a thundercloud top to the lower ionosphere.
Specific aspartyl and calpain proteases are required for neurodegeneration in C. elegans.
Rec8 phosphorylation and recombination promote the step-wise loss of cohesins in meiosis.
Scale invariance and universality of force networks in static granular matter.
Seismic detection of folded, subducted lithosphere at the coremantle boundary.
Regulatory constraints in the evolution of the tetrapod limb anteriorposterior polarity.
Biogeography: molecular trails from hitch-hiking snails.
Titan Radar Mapper observations from Cassini's T3 fly-by.
[DOC][DOC] Insight: Lab on a chip.
Material science: oxygen breaks into carbon world.
Great Himalayan earthquakes and the Tibetan plateau.
Reducing the burden of childhood malaria in Africa: the role of improved.
Adhesion and friction in mesoscopic graphite contacts.
Decoupling circadian clock protein turnover from circadian period determination.
Labeling of active neural circuits in vivo with designed calcium integrators.
Emergent genetic oscillations in a synthetic microbial consortium.
Origami of thick panels.
Stars that blow up and bug out.
Just add water dimers.
Be mindful of a self-reported gap.
Genomics: Encyclopaedia of humble DNA.
Evolutionary biology: born-again hagfishes.
Circular polarimetry reveals helical magnetic fields in the young stellar object HH 135136.
Semiconductor electronics: Trapped fast at the gate.
Materials science: Polymer crystals downsized.
Structural biology: ion pumps made crystal clear.
Crystallography: crystallographic evidence for deviating C3b structure.
Brain craze.
Evolutionary biology: Development with a bite.
Persistence of full glacial conditions in the central Pacific until 15,000 years ago.
Comment on" Changes in tropical cyclone number, duration, and intensity in a warming environment".
Observation of Feshbach resonances in the F+ H2 HF+ H reaction.
Abortive initiation and productive initiation by RNA polymerase involve DNA scrunching.
Global genetic change tracks global climate warming in Drosophila subobscura.
A periodically active pulsar giving insight into magnetospheric physics.
Dynamic stark control of photochemical processes.
Surface and deep ocean interactions during the cold climate event 8200 years ago.
Regulation of B cell tolerance by the lupus susceptibility gene Ly108.
Phytoplankton and cloudiness in the Southern Ocean.
Grain boundary strengthening in alumina by rare earth impurities.
Visual space is compressed in prefrontal cortex before eye movements.
Turbulent heating in galaxy clusters brightest in X-rays.
Receptor binding by H10 influenza viruses.
Statin treatment rescues FGFR3 skeletal dysplasia phenotypes.
Apical constriction drives tissue-scale hydrodynamic flow to mediate cell elongation.
Purkinje-cell plasticity and cerebellar motor learning are graded by complex-spike duration.
The learning machines.
Ribosomal frameshifting in the CCR5 mRNA is regulated by miRNAs and the NMD pathway.
L-Myc expression by dendritic cells is required for optimal T-cell priming.
CFIm25 links alternative polyadenylation to glioblastoma tumour suppression.
The emergence of high-resolution MS as the premier analytical tool in the pharmaceutical bioanalysis arena.
Analysis of bacterial biofilms using NMR-based metabolomics.
Defining putative glycan cancer biomarkers by MS.
Flexible or fixed: a comparative review of linear and cyclic cancer-targeting peptides.
Surrogate matrix and surrogate analyte approaches for definitive quantitation of endogenous biomolecules.
The future key role of LC-high-resolution-MS analyses in clinical laboratories: a focus on quantification.
Current implementation and future of the Athlete Biological Passport.
SMN-inducing compounds for the treatment of spinal muscular atrophy.
Hot-melt extrusion technology and pharmaceutical application.
Comparison of the quantification of a therapeutic protein using nominal and accurate mass MS/MS.
Crystal structure of human toll-like receptor 3 (TLR3) ectodomain.
How much more global warming and sea level rise?.
Mechanism of divergent growth factor effects in mesenchymal stem cell differentiation.
Glycan foraging in vivo by an intestine-adapted bacterial symbiont.
DISC1 and PDE4B are interacting genetic factors in schizophrenia that regulate cAMP signaling.
Retreating glacier fronts on the Antarctic Peninsula over the past half-century.
Microcephalin, a gene regulating brain size, continues to evolve adaptively in humans.
Anchorless prion protein results in infectious amyloid disease without clinical scrapie.
Lymphocyte sequestration through S1P lyase inhibition and disruption of S1P gradients.
Impaired thermosensation in mice lacking TRPV3, a heat and camphor sensor in the skin.
An ethical dilemma.
Animal behaviour: How self-organization evolves.
Palaeontology: Dinosaurs take to the air.
Environment: A pre-industrial source of dioxins and furans.
retraction: Metalinsulator transition in chains with correlated disorder.
Plasma antioxidants (communication arising): Health benefits of eating chocolate?.
Neurobiology: Ballads of a protein quartet.
Interplanetary dust from the explosive dispersal of hydrated asteroids by impacts.
Palaeontology: Spider-web silk from the Early Cretaceous.
Boundary-layer mantle flow under the Dead Sea transform fault inferred from seismic anisotropy.
Self-repairing oxetane-substituted chitosan polyurethane networks.
Nanoplasmonic probes of catalytic reactions.
Revisiting the foundations of network analysis.
A mouse speciation gene encodes a meiotic histone H3 methyltransferase.
Variants of the antibody herceptin that interact with HER2 and VEGF at the antigen binding site.
Perineuronal nets protect fear memories from erasure.
Ecological restoration in the light of ecological history.
Reversible interactions with para-hydrogen enhance NMR sensitivity by polarization transfer.
Genome-wide RNAi screen identifies genes involved in intestinal pathogenic bacterial infection.
Hemagglutinin receptor binding avidity drives influenza A virus antigenic drift.
Regulation of oceanic silicon and carbon preservation by temperature control on bacteria.
The microwave drill.
Asteroid 1950 DA's encounter with Earth in 2880: Physical limits of collision probability prediction.
A glutamine-rich trail leads to transcription factors.
X-ray microdiffraction images of antiferromagnetic domain evolution in chromium.
Role of cell-specific SpoIIIE assembly in polarity of DNA transfer.
Structure of haloform intercalated C60 and its influence on superconductive properties.
Control of T cell function by positive and negative regulators.
Darwin and the first ecological experiment.
Cortical neurons encoding path and place: where you go is where you are.
Chemical speciation drives hydrothermal vent ecology.
The bacterial conjugation protein TrwB resembles ring helicases and F1-ATPase.
Change in pattern of ongoing cortical activity with auditory category learning.
RNA-binding protein Nrd1 directs poly (A)-independent 3-end formation of RNA polymerase II transcripts.
Carbonaceous meteorites as a source of sugar-related organic compounds for the early Earth.
Drought-induced guard cell signal transduction involves sphingosine-1-phosphate.
Evidence for the evolution of multiple genomes in arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi.
Retinal ganglion cells act largely as independent encoders.
A mouse knock-in model exposes sequential proteolytic pathways that regulate p27Kip1 in G1 and S phase.
ATR/ATM-mediated phosphorylation of human Rad17 is required for genotoxic stress responses.
The role of ammonites in the Mesozoic marine food web revealed by jaw preservation.
Response to comments on A bacterium that can grow using arsenic instead of phosphorus.
Control of mitotic spindle angle by the RAS-regulated ERK1/2 pathway determines lung tube shape.
Exercise and genetic rescue of SCA1 via the transcriptional repressor Capicua.
Chaperonins facilitate KNOTTED1 cell-to-cell trafficking and stem cell function.
Primary alcohols from terminal olefins: formal anti-Markovnikov hydration via triple relay catalysis.
The chlorine dilemma.
Influence of inositol pyrophosphates on cellular energy dynamics.
Impacts of salmon on riparian plant diversity.
Distinct properties of the XY pseudoautosomal region crucial for male meiosis.
Identity: Key to children's understanding of belief.
Light-induced structural and functional plasticity in Drosophila larval visual system.
The plant-fungal marketplace.
Experimental evolution of reduced sex ratio adjustment under local mate competition.
The emerging race to cure HIV infections.
Preparing future math teachers.
Context modularity of human altruism.
Negative frequency-dependent selection of sexually antagonistic alleles in Myodes glareolus.
Isotopic evidence of Cr partitioning into Earth's core.
Who were the Denisovans?.
Self-assembled magnetic matrices for DNA separation chips.
A cyclic model of the universe.
Oscillatory expression of the bHLH factor Hes1 regulated by a negative feedback loop.
Imaging quasiparticle interference in Bi2Sr2CaCu2O8+ .
Segregating sister genomes: the molecular biology of chromosome separation.
Submicrometer ferromagnetic NOT gate and shift register.
Ancient pathways programmed by small RNAs.
N-linked glycosylation in Campylobacter jejuni and its functional transfer into E. coli.
Cerebral hemorrhage after passive anti-A immunotherapy.
G protein-coupled receptors in Anopheles gambiae.
Current rectification by Pauli exclusion in a weakly coupled double quantum dot system.
Enzyme dynamics during catalysis.
Green chemistry: science and politics of change.
Brain to plasma amyloid- efflux: a measure of brain amyloid burden in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease.
The RAR1 interactor SGT1, an essential component of R gene-triggered disease resistance.
Role of Escherichia coli curli operons in directing amyloid fiber formation.
A MADS-box gene necessary for fruit ripening at the tomato ripening-inhibitor (rin) locus.
Electrochemistry and electrogenerated chemiluminescence from silicon nanocrystal quantum dots.
Chloroquine resistance in Plasmodium falciparum malaria parasites conferred by pfcrt mutations.
Plant biotechnology in China.
A Jurassic eutherian mammal and divergence of marsupials and placentals.
Experimental infection of bats with Geomyces destructans causes white-nose syndrome.
Structural basis of RNA recognition and activation by innate immune receptor RIG-I.
Embryonic lethal phenotype reveals a function of TDG in maintaining epigenetic stability.
Two ten-billion-solar-mass black holes at the centres of giant elliptical galaxies.
On the role of the Agulhas system in ocean circulation and climate.
Universal spin transport in a strongly interacting Fermi gas.
Catalytic Z-selective olefin cross-metathesis for natural product synthesis.
Detection of prokaryotic mRNA signifies microbial viability and promotes immunity.
Electrically driven directional motion of a four-wheeled molecule on a metal surface.
Sonagachi sex workers stymie HIV.
Superfluidity in a Crystal?.
Nipah virus (or a cousin) strikes again.
HIV vaccine trial justified.
A race to the starting line.
NK cells lose their inhibition.
Osmium isotope heterogeneity in the constituent phases of mid-ocean ridge basalts.
A precocial avian embryo from the Lower Cretaceous of China.
Insulin resistance takes a trip through the ER.
Multidimensional snapshots of chemical dynamics.
Targeting the ubiquitin-proteasome pathway with inorganic compounds to fight cancer: a challenge for the future.
Understanding the lipid-digestion processes in the GI tract before designing lipid-based drug-delivery systems.
Dried matrix on paper disks: the next generation DBS microsampling technique for managing the hematocrit effect in DBS analysis.
Ultrasound and microbubble-assisted gene delivery: recent advances and ongoing challenges.
Overview and outlook of Toll-like receptor ligand-antigen conjugate vaccines.
Antimicrobial, anti-TB, anticancer and anti-HIV evaluation of new s-triazine-based heterocycles.
Bioanalysis of drug in tissue: current status and challenges.
Cancer stem cell targeting: the next generation of cancer therapy and molecular imaging.
Latest advances in novel cannabinoid CB2 ligands for drug abuse and their therapeutic potential.
Network pharmacology for cancer drug discovery: are we there yet?.
The zebrafish dorsal axis is apparent at the four-cell stage.
An Earth-like correspondence between Saturn's auroral features and radio emission.
Cooling of the Earth and core formation after the giant impact.
Short-lived orogenic cycles and the eclogitization of cold crust by spasmodic hot fluids.
Slip rate variations on normal faults during glacialinterglacial changes in surface loads.
Selective inhibition of cotranslational translocation of vascular cell adhesion molecule 1.
Physiology: postprandial cardiac hypertrophy in pythons.
Meteorology: Emanuel replies.
A primitive therizinosauroid dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous of Utah.
Somatic control of germline sexual development is mediated by the JAK/STAT pathway.
Public health: India's diabetes time bomb.
Alignment of the stellar spin with the orbits of a three-planet system.
Functional complexity and regulation through RNA dynamics.
A Xanthomonas uridine 5 [prime]-monophosphate transferase inhibits plant immune kinases.
An early age increase in vacuolar pH limits mitochondrial function and lifespan in yeast.
Black mamba venom peptides target acid-sensing ion channels to abolish pain.
The BAH domain of ORC1 links H4K20me2 to DNA replication licensing and Meier-Gorlin syndrome.
Afternoon rain more likely over drier soils.
BATF-JUN is critical for IRF4-mediated transcription in T cells.
Structures of cytochrome P450 17A1 with prostate cancer drugs abiraterone and TOK-001.
Partial quantum information.
The optical afterglow of the short -ray burst GRB 050709.
Human dynamics: Darwin and Einstein correspondence patterns.
Two episodes of microbial change coupled with Permo/Triassic faunal mass extinction.
Biomarker evidence for green and purple sulphur bacteria in a stratified Palaeoproterozoic sea.
Dental microwear texture analysis shows within-species diet variability in fossil hominins.
Cancer genomics: small RNAs with big impacts.
An upper limit to the masses of stars.
A biodiversity intactness index.
Kinase-regulated quantal assemblies and kiss-and-run recycling of caveolae.
Ant nestmate and non-nestmate discrimination by a chemosensory sensillum.
Observations by the international tsunami survey team in Sri Lanka.
Controlled single-photon emission from a single trapped two-level atom.
The ultrasmoothness of diamond-like carbon surfaces.
Accelerated intestinal epithelial cell turnover: a new mechanism of parasite expulsion.
Protection from experimental asthma by an endogenous bronchodilator.
Structural roles for human translation factor eIF3 in initiation of protein synthesis.
Role of marine biology in glacial-interglacial CO2 cycles.
Mathematical modeling of planar cell polarity to understand domineering nonautonomy.
RNA polymerase II is required for RNAi-dependent heterochromatin assembly.
Large-scale pattern growth of graphene films for stretchable transparent electrodes.
Finding the missing heritability of complex diseases.
A safe operating space for humanity.
Genetic variation in IL28B predicts hepatitis C treatment-induced viral clearance.
A core gut microbiome in obese and lean twins.
Human DNA methylomes at base resolution show widespread epigenomic differences.
Common polygenic variation contributes to risk of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.
An anomalous positron abundance in cosmic rays with energies 1.5100 GeV.
Longitudinal unzipping of carbon nanotubes to form graphene nanoribbons.
Battery materials for ultrafast charging and discharging.
Antibiotics: Non-haemolytic -amino-acid oligomers.
Turbulent convection at very high Rayleigh numbers.
DNA-bound structures and mutants reveal abasic DNA binding by APE1 DNA repair and coordination.
Functional link between ataxia-telangiectasia and Nijmegen breakage syndrome gene products.
The role of microbes in accretion, lamination and early lithification of modern marine stromatolites.
Asymmetric redirection of flow through the heart.
Statistical signatures of photon localization.
Onset of antiferromagnetism in heavy-fermion metals.
Direct observation of dendritic actin filament networks nucleated by Arp2/3 complex and WASP/Scar proteins.
Elevated CO2 increases productivity and invasive species success in an arid ecosystem.
Activation of FOXO1 by Cdk1 in cycling cells and postmitotic neurons.
Infants' perseverative search errors are induced by pragmatic misinterpretation.
Experimental evidence for spatial self-organization and its emergent effects in mussel bed ecosystems.
Regional synthesis of Mediterranean atmospheric circulation during the Last Glacial Maximum.
Phase transitions of Dirac electrons in bismuth.
Observation of giant diffusivity along dislocation cores.
An uncertain future for soil carbon.
PhET: Simulations that enhance learning.
Climate changethe Chinese challenge.
Evolutionary origins for social vocalization in a vertebrate hindbrainspinal compartment.
Fluid core size of Mars from detection of the solar tide.
Gigahertz electron spin manipulation using voltage-controlled g-tensor modulation.
The distribution of active force generators controls mitotic spindle position.
Ecological consequences of a century of warming in Lake Tanganyika.
Genomic priorities and public health.
Targeted protein degradation and synapse remodeling by an inducible protein kinase.
Functional mapping of the primate auditory system.
Coherent spin transfer between molecularly bridged quantum dots.
The needle length of bacterial injectisomes is determined by a molecular ruler.
A periconceptional nutritional origin for noninfectious preterm birth.
Self-assembly at all scales.
Role of genotype in the cycle of violence in maltreated children.
The faculty of language: What is it, who has it, and how did it evolve?.
The danger model: a renewed sense of self.
Systems biology: a brief overview.
Mitogen-activated protein kinase pathways mediated by ERK, JNK, and p38 protein kinases.
Efficient photochemical water splitting by a chemically modified n-TiO2.
Band gap fluorescence from individual single-walled carbon nanotubes.
Transcriptional regulatory networks in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Stochastic gene expression in a single cell.
Biophysics: Quantum path to photosynthesis.
China plans to modernize traditional medicine.
A belt of moonlets in Saturn's A ring.
Oxygen content of transmembrane proteins over macroevolutionary time scales.
Anti-correlation of summer/winter monsoons?.
Vascular biology: vessel guidance.
Modulation of Saturn's radio clock by solar wind speed.
Ecology: scaling laws in the drier.
Iron meteorite evidence for early formation and catastrophic disruption of protoplanets.
The sequence of the human genome.
Visible-light photocatalysis in nitrogen-doped titanium oxides.
Room-temperature ultraviolet nanowire nanolasers.
Spintronics: a spin-based electronics vision for the future.
Translating the histone code.
Experimental verification of a negative index of refraction.
Nanobelts of semiconducting oxides.
Nanowire nanosensors for highly sensitive and selective detection of biological and chemical species.
Trends, rhythms, and aberrations in global climate 65 Ma to present.
Historical overfishing and the recent collapse of coastal ecosystems.
Structured photons take it slow.
What controls clumped isotopes?.
The distributional preferences of an elite.
Macroscale superlubricity enabled by graphene nanoscroll formation.
Methane metabolism in the archaeal phylum Bathyarchaeota revealed by genome-centric metagenomics.
Credit card study blows holes in anonymity.
Suppression of endogenous gene silencing by bidirectional cytoplasmic RNA decay in Arabidopsis.
Major role of planktonic phosphate reduction in the marine phosphorus redox cycle.
Deposition, exhumation, and paleoclimate of an ancient lake deposit, Gale crater, Mars.
Fine-scale diversity and extensive recombination in a quasisexual bacterial population occupying a broad niche.
Creep-strengthening of steel at high temperatures using nano-sized carbonitride dispersions.
Earliest known crown-group salamanders.
Psychophysics: Is subliminal learning really passive?.
Magmatic and amagmatic seafloor generation at the ultraslow-spreading Gakkel Ridge, Arctic Ocean.
Enhanced gravi-and phototropism in plant mdr mutants mislocalizing the auxin efflux protein PIN1.
The origin of multiple superconducting gaps in MgB2.
Crystal structure of the specificity domain of ribonuclease P.
Three-dimensional imaging of atomic four-body processes.
Spontaneous emergence of leaders and followers in foraging pairs.
Reduced mixing from the breaking of internal waves in equatorial waters.
Subtractive proteomic mapping of the endothelial surface in lung and solid tumours for tissue-specific therapy.
Super-resolving phase measurements with a multiphoton entangled state.
Ferns diversified in the shadow of angiosperms.
Synthesis and characterization of chiral mesoporous silica.
Haemangioblast commitment is initiated in the primitive streak of the mouse embryo.
Release of methane from a volcanic basin as a mechanism for initial Eocene global warming.
Cyclophilin A retrotransposition into TRIM5 explains owl monkey resistance to HIV-1.
microRNA-mediated repression of rolled leaf1 specifies maize leaf polarity.
DNA end resection, homologous recombination and DNA damage checkpoint activation require CDK1.
Evolutionary changes in cis and trans gene regulation.
Intron removal requires proofreading of U2AF/3'splice site recognition by DEK.
Reduced radiative conductivity of low-spin (Mg, Fe) O in the lower mantle.
Protrudin induces neurite formation by directional membrane trafficking.
ATM engages autodegradation of the E3 ubiquitin ligase COP1 after DNA damage.
Single-molecule, motion-based DNA sequencing using RNA polymerase.
Cell type regulates selective segregation of mouse chromosome 7 DNA strands in mitosis.
Structural basis for ribosome recruitment and manipulation by a viral IRES RNA.
Atomic pillar-based nanoprecipitates strengthen AlMgSi alloys.
The Neurospora checkpoint kinase 2: a regulatory link between the circadian and cell cycles.
A bacterial protein enhances the release and efficacy of liposomal cancer drugs.
Identification of a host protein essential for assembly of immature HIV-1 capsids.
Genetic cost of reproductive assurance in a self-fertilizing plant.
Reciprocal regulation of CD4/CD8 expression by SWI/SNF-like BAF complexes.
Epiparasitic plants specialized on arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi.
Co-regulator recruitment and the mechanism of retinoic acid receptor synergy.
Mechanisms and circuitry underlying directional selectivity in the retina.
Protein kinase C controls self-antigen-induced B-cell tolerance.
Caenorhabditis elegans: plague bacteria biofilm blocks food intake.
Stimulated platelets use serotonin to enhance their retention of procoagulant proteins on the cell surface.
Structural determinants for GoLoco-induced inhibition of nucleotide release by G subunits.
Functional genomics: RNA sets the standard.
Pollinator attraction: crab-spiders manipulate flower signals.
An inverse transition of magnetic domain patterns in ultrathin films.
Zero thermal expansion in YbGaGe due to an electronic valence transition.
Econophysics: Two-phase behaviour of financial markets.
Human behaviour: adult persistence of head-turning asymmetry.
T-type calcium channel regulation by specific G-protein  subunits.
Forensic psychology: Violence viewed by psychopathic murderers.
Nuclear DNA sequences detect species limits in ancient moa.
Spontaneous muscle twitches during sleep guide spinal self-organization.
Ice volume and sea level during the last interglacial.
Copy number variation of multiple genes at Rhg1 mediates nematode resistance in soybean.
Camouflage and display for soft machines.
Active DNA demethylation in plant companion cells reinforces transposon methylation in gametes.
238U/235U systematics in terrestrial uranium-bearing minerals.
Anisotropic energy gaps of iron-based superconductivity from intraband quasiparticle interference in LiFeAs.
Trim28 is required for epigenetic stability during mouse oocyte to embryo transition.
The violent collisional history of asteroid 4 Vesta.
Marine microbes see a sea of gradients.
Optomechanical dark mode.
Local interactions select for lower pathogen infectivity.
Buddenbrockia is a cnidarian worm.
Bottom-up determination of air-sea momentum exchange under a major tropical cyclone.
A closer look at water-related geologic activity on Mars.
Response to Comment on" Human Neuroblasts Migrate to the Olfactory Bulb via a Lateral Ventricular Extension".
Remnants of the early solar system water enriched in heavy oxygen isotopes.
Production of trout offspring from triploid salmon parents.
Solvent tuning of electrochemical potentials in the active sites of HiPIP versus ferredoxin.
A molecular basis for natural selection at the timeless locus in Drosophila melanogaster.
TARP auxiliary subunits switch AMPA receptor antagonists into partial agonists.
Sequential deposition as a route to high-performance perovskite-sensitized solar cells.
Efficient planar heterojunction perovskite solar cells by vapour deposition.
The global distribution and burden of dengue.
Van der Waals heterostructures.
Signatures of mutational processes in human cancer.
Mutational heterogeneity in cancer and the search for new cancer-associated genes.
Integrated genomic characterization of endometrial carcinoma.
Macrophage biology in development, homeostasis and disease.
Mutational landscape and significance across 12 major cancer types.
The zebrafish reference genome sequence and its relationship to the human genome.
The effects of iron fertilization on carbon sequestration in the Southern Ocean.
Prebiotic amino acids as asymmetric catalysts.
Standards of time and frequency at the outset of the 21st century.
Selective D2 receptor actions on the functional circuitry of working memory.
A chromosome 21 critical region does not cause specific Down syndrome phenotypes.
Role of the kinase MST2 in suppression of apoptosis by the proto-oncogene product Raf-1.
United time-frequency spectroscopy for dynamics and global structure.
A dual role for Hox genes in limb anterior-posterior asymmetry.
Molecular architecture of the KvAP voltage-dependent K+ channel in a lipid bilayer.
Requirement of JNK2 for scavenger receptor A-mediated foam cell formation in atherogenesis.
Large-scale transcriptional activity in chromosomes 21 and 22.
Functional materials based on self-assembly of polymeric supramolecules.
Induction and suppression of RNA silencing by an animal virus.
Prokaryotic diversity--magnitude, dynamics, and controlling factors.
Determination of the equation of state of dense matter.
Soil warming and carbon-cycle feedbacks to the climate system.
Reactivation of ocular dominance plasticity in the adult visual cortex.
New insights into neuron-glia communication.
Heart regeneration in zebrafish.
G protein pathways.
[C] Global carbon dioxide levels near worrisome milestone..
Eemian interglacial reconstructed from a Greenland folded ice core.
An observed correlation between plume activity and tidal stresses on Enceladus.
The heterotaxy gene GALNT11 glycosylates Notch to orchestrate cilia type and laterality.
Memory and modularity in cell-fate decision making.
Microbial colonization influences early B-lineage development in the gut lamina propria.
Formation of sharp eccentric rings in debris disks with gas but without planets.
Structural insight into magnetochrome-mediated magnetite biomineralization.
Wapl is an essential regulator of chromatin structure and chromosome segregation.
CPEB1 coordinates alternative 3 [prime]-UTR formation with translational regulation.
Cancer therapy with Newcastle disease virus: rationale for new immunotherapeutic combinations.
Application of surface plasmon resonance imaging technique for iPSCs identification.
Quantum ratchet with photons.
Identification of a novel human circulating metabolite of tenofovir disoproxil fumarate with LC-MS/MS.
A comprehensive review of patented antileishmanial agents.
Microfluidic chip-capillary electrophoresis device for the determination of urinary metabolites and proteins.
Nanostructured transition metal oxides as advanced anodes for lithium-ion batteries.
Evolution of jobs-housing spatial relationship in Beijing Metropolitan Area: A job accessibility perspective.
Cdk1: conductor of CENP-A symphony orchestra.
Evaluation of three-dimensional urban expansion: A case study of Yangzhou City, Jiangsu Province, China.
Memory T cells: local heroes in the struggle for immunity.
Europe's database experiment.
Industrializing structural biology.
Why we don't get sick: the within-host population dynamics of bacterial infections.
Biodefense hampered by inadequate tests.
" Heavy Electron" Photoelectron Spectroscopy: Rotationally Resolved Ion Pair Imaging of CH3+.
Hydrological changes in Africa.
The fires this time, and next.
A tail of histone acetylation and DNA recombination.
Biologists and engineers create a new generation of robots that imitate life.
The position of moving objects.
Was Lamarck just a little bit right?.
Variable carbon sinks.
HSV latency-associated transcript and neuronal apoptosis.
A cyclic carbanionic valence isomer of a carbocation: Diphosphino analogs of diaminocarbocations.
Are there close encounters between signaling pathways.
[C] Carbon cost of applying nitrogen fertilizer.
A primate genome project deserves high priority.
Generation of femtosecond pulses of synchrotron radiation.
Rapid flooding of the Sunda Shelf: a late-glacial sea-level record.
A niche maintaining germ line stem cells in the Drosophila ovary.
Mitotic misregulation and human aging.
Subgroup of reproductive functions of progesterone mediated by progesterone receptor-B isoform.
Is El Nio changing?.
The value of nature and the nature of value.
Correlates of sleep and waking in Drosophila melanogaster.
Pattern of marine mass extinction near the Permian-Triassic boundary in South China.
Fairness versus reason in the ultimatum game.
Holocene thinning of the Greenland ice sheet.
A large iron isotope effect in SmFeAsO1-xFx and Ba1-xKxFe2As2.
Formyl peptide receptor-like proteins are a novel family of vomeronasal chemosensors.
Sleep deprivation impairs cAMP signalling in the hippocampus.
Dual nature of the adaptive immune system in lampreys.
Myelomonocytic cell recruitment causes fatal CNS vascular injury during acute viral meningitis.
Gene therapy for redgreen colour blindness in adult primates.
Crystal structure of human spliceosomal U1 snRNP at 5.5  resolution.
Analysis of combinatorial cis-regulation in synthetic and genomic promoters.
Messenger RNA targeting to endoplasmic reticulum stress signalling sites.
A midzone-based ruler adjusts chromosome compaction to anaphase spindle length.
Time to adapt to a warming world, but where's the science?.
An exit strategy for measles virus.
Coping with chaos: How disordered contexts promote stereotyping and discrimination.
Yeast Rrn7 and human TAF1B are TFIIB-related RNA polymerase I general transcription factors.
Phase-change memories on a diet.
Response to comment on Erosion of lizard diversity by climate change and altered thermal niches.
A world awash with nitrogen.
Soil nitrites influence atmospheric chemistry.
Rational choice, context dependence, and the value of information in European starlings (Sturnus vulgaris).
-catenin defines head versus tail identity during planarian regeneration and homeostasis.
Redox-active antibiotics control gene expression and community behavior in divergent bacteria.
An inhibitor of FtsZ with potent and selective anti-staphylococcal activity.
Coupled superconducting and magnetic order in CeCoIn5.
Organic molecules and water in the planet formation region of young circumstellar disks.
A molecular determinant for the establishment of sister chromatid cohesion.
Northern hemisphere controls on tropical southeast African climate during the past 60,000 years.
Mg/Al ordering in layered double hydroxides revealed by multinuclear NMR spectroscopy.
The right and the good: distributive justice and neural encoding of equity and efficiency.
DNA from pre-Clovis human coprolites in Oregon, North America.
Sanger will sequence zebrafish genome.
In search of vertebrate origins: beyond brain and bone.
Taxonomy of the Dmanisi crania.
Malaria researchers wait for industry to join fight.
Searching for the mark of Cain.
Receptors as kissing cousins.
[C] Emerging infectious diseases of wildlife-Threats to biodiversity and human health (vol 287, pg 443, 2000).
Glacial climate instability.
Enhanced: Temperatures Without Fevers.
Detection of molecular alignment in confined films.
Revisiting the numbers: human genes and whales.
How devastating would a smallpox attack really be?.
Particle accelerators in the hot spots of radio galaxy 3C 445, imaged with the VLT.
A tail of transdifferentiation.
The ecological consequences of changing land use for running waters, with a case study of urbanizing watersheds in Maryland.
Are 100,000" SNPs" useless?.
'Borrowed Immunity'May Save Future Victims.
The dust settles on water vapor feedback.
Recognition of double-stranded RNA and activation of NF-B by Toll-like receptor 3.
The hormone resistin links obesity to diabetes.
Hydrogen-storage materials for mobile applications.
Association of NOD2 leucine-rich repeat variants with susceptibility to Crohn's disease.
Role for a bidentate ribonuclease in the initiation step of RNA interference.
Materials for fuel-cell technologies.
Mammalian MAP kinase signalling cascades.
Neurophysiological investigation of the basis of the fMRI signal.
A frameshift mutation in NOD2 associated with susceptibility to Crohn's disease.
A scheme for efficient quantum computation with linear optics.
Doc2b is a high-affinity Ca2+ sensor for spontaneous neurotransmitter release.
Transition to addiction is associated with a persistent impairment in synaptic plasticity.
Reprogramming cellular behavior with RNA controllers responsive to endogenous proteins.
Quaternary ammonium (hypo) iodite catalysis for enantioselective oxidative cycloetherification.
The Legionella effector protein DrrA AMPylates the membrane traffic regulator Rab1b.
Alkali-stabilized Pt-OHx species catalyze low-temperature water-gas shift reactions.
Peptidomimetic antibiotics target outer-membrane biogenesis in Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
The structure of iron in Earth's inner core.
Greatwall phosphorylates an inhibitor of protein phosphatase 2 that is essential for mitosis.
High frequency of horizontal gene transfer in the oceans.
Faulting induced by precipitation of water at grain boundaries in hot subducting oceanic crust.
Materials science: Silicon carbide in contention.
Reading the Hedgehog morphogen gradient by measuring the ratio of bound to unbound Patched protein.
Origin of AIDS: contaminated polio vaccine theory refuted.
Biotechnology: surrogate broodstock produces salmonids.
Tug-of-war over reproduction in a social bee.
Population density drives the local evolution of a threshold dimorphism.
Evolutionary biology: adaptive developmental plasticity in snakes.
The DNA sequence and analysis of human chromosome 13.
Synthetic biology: starting from scratch.
Entrainment of the circadian clock in the liver by feeding.
Interwoven metal-organic framework on a periodic minimal surface with extra-large pores.
Ubiquitination of a new form of -synuclein by parkin from human brain: implications for Parkinson's disease.
Human hypertension caused by mutations in WNK kinases.
Dyslexia: cultural diversity and biological unity.
An hPer2 phosphorylation site mutation in familial advanced sleep phase syndrome.
Recognition of cognate transfer RNA by the 30S ribosomal subunit.
Control of nitrogen export from watersheds by headwater streams.
Observation of Fermi pressure in a gas of trapped atoms.
Interference by huntingtin and atrophin-1 with cbp-mediated transcription leading to cellular toxicity.
A massive reservoir of low-excitation molecular gas at high redshift.
The nature of ponded deposits on Eros.
The dating of shallow faults in the Earth's crust.
Microbiology: Cyanobacteria track water in desert soils.
cdc2 links the Drosophila cell cycle and asymmetric division machineries.
Rotational movement during cyclic nucleotide-gated channel opening.
DNA topoisomerase II is required for RNA polymerase II transcription on chromatin templates.
Proximity signal and shade avoidance differences between early and late successional trees.
Seed development (Communication arising): Early paternal gene activity in Arabidopsis.
Persistence of visual memory for scenes.
Cryopyrin activates the inflammasome in response to toxins and ATP.
Production of the antimalarial drug precursor artemisinic acid in engineered yeast.
PD-1 expression on HIV-specific T cells is associated with T-cell exhaustion and disease progression.
Cells on chips.
Oncogenic pathway signatures in human cancers as a guide to targeted therapies.
BoseEinstein condensation of exciton polaritons.
Ras, PI (3) K and mTOR signalling controls tumour cell growth.
Reactive oxygen species have a causal role in multiple forms of insulin resistance.
Generation of a functional mammary gland from a single stem cell.
Phosphoinositides in cell regulation and membrane dynamics.
Glial origin of mesenchymal stem cells in a tooth model system.
Dislocations in bilayer graphene.
An optoelectronic framework enabled by low-dimensional phase-change films.
Chasing acyl carrier protein through a catalytic cycle of lipid A production.
Structures of bacterial homologues of SWEET transporters in two distinct conformations.
Jet acceleration of the fast molecular outflows in the Seyfert galaxy IC 5063.
[C] Climate change: The case of the missing heat..
[C] Japan stem-cell trial stirs envy..
PLETHORA gradient formation mechanism separates auxin responses.
A luminous, blue progenitor system for the type Iax supernova 2012Z.
A laboratory demonstration of the capability to image an Earth-like extrasolar planet.
Transcription factor control of asymmetric cell divisions that establish the stomatal lineage.
MAPK-mediated bimodal gene expression and adaptive gradient sensing in yeast.
An elaborate pathway required for Ras-mediated epigenetic silencing.
Break-induced replication and telomerase-independent telomere maintenance require Pol32.
Histone demethylase JHDM2A is critical for Tnp1 and Prm1 transcription and spermatogenesis.
Strain-resolved community proteomics reveals recombining genomes of acidophilic bacteria.
Cretaceous eutherians and Laurasian origin for placental mammals near the K/T boundary.
Probing the chemistry of thioredoxin catalysis with force.
Unusual sugar biosynthesis and natural product glycodiversification.
Society and sea level rise.
Macroscopic separation of dense fluid phase and liquid phase of phosphorus.
The normal function of a speciation gene, Odysseus, and its hybrid sterility effect.
Oil: never cry wolfwhy the petroleum age is far from over.
The limb bud Shh-Fgf feedback loop is terminated by expansion of former ZPA cells.
In silico genetics: identification of a functional element regulating H2-E gene expression.
Evidence for the predominance of mid-tropospheric aerosols as subtropical anvil cloud nuclei.
Colloids as big atoms.
DNA methylation is independent of RNA interference in Neurospora.
When the stress of your environment makes you go HOG wild.
Differential regulation of mTORC1 by leucine and glutamine.
A Cas9guide RNA complex preorganized for target DNA recognition.
All in the family.
PAXX, a paralog of XRCC4 and XLF, interacts with Ku to promote DNA double-strand break repair.
Mars methane detection and variability at Gale crater.
Crystal structure of the chemokine receptor CXCR4 in complex with a viral chemokine.
Cell types in the mouse cortex and hippocampus revealed by single-cell RNA-seq.
Brazil's Soy Moratorium.
Shape-selective zeolite catalysis for bioplastics production.
Critical dynamics of spontaneous symmetry breaking in a homogeneous Bose gas.
Carrier-envelope phase control of femtosecond mode-locked lasers and direct optical frequency synthesis.
Genome-wide location and function of DNA binding proteins.
A quantum dot single-photon turnstile device.
Ultrahigh-density nanowire arrays grown in self-assembled diblock copolymer templates.
Global water resources: vulnerability from climate change and population growth.
Carbon nanotube-based nonvolatile random access memory for molecular computing.
Engineering the provitamin A (-carotene) biosynthetic pathway into (carotenoid-free) rice endosperm.
The structural basis of ribosome activity in peptide bond synthesis.
Noxa, a BH3-only member of the Bcl-2 family and candidate mediator of p53-induced apoptosis.
Genes expressed in human tumor endothelium.
Biomechanical energy harvesting: generating electricity during walking with minimal user effort.
Aneuploidy affects proliferation and spontaneous immortalization in mammalian cells.
Slow electron cooling in colloidal quantum dots.
Quasi-particle properties from tunneling in the v= 5/2 fractional quantum hall state.
Entangled images from four-wave mixing.
Virus population dynamics and acquired virus resistance in natural microbial communities.
Coherent dynamics of a single spin interacting with an adjustable spin bath.
Degradation of microRNAs by a family of exoribonucleases in Arabidopsis.
BSKs mediate signal transduction from the receptor kinase BRI1 in Arabidopsis.
Structural insights into the stereochemistry of the cyclooxygenase reaction.
Adaptive-optics corrections available for the whole sky.
Separable processing of consonants and vowels.
Non-quantized penetration of magnetic field in the vortex state of superconductors.
Extremely red Kuiper-belt objects in near-circular orbits beyond 40 AU.
Genome stability: transgenerational mutation by radiation.
Polarization of the anteriorposterior axis of C. elegans is a microtubule-directed process.
Does the Queen speak the Queen's English?.
Regulation of carbamoyl phosphate synthetase by MAP kinase.
Materials chemistry: Semiconductors meet biology.
An integrated map of structural variation in 2,504 human genomes.
El Nino and intense tropical cyclones.
The beeline.
Ecology: Recovering the potential of coral reefs.
Erratum: Genetic diversity and evolutionary dynamics of Ebola virus in Sierra Leone.
Regulated eukaryotic DNA replication origin firing with purified proteins.
Erratum: Human intracellular ISG15 prevents interferon-[agr]/[bgr] over-amplification and auto-inflammation.
In vivo genome editing using Staphylococcus aureus Cas9.
Greenland supraglacial lake drainages triggered by hydrologically induced basal slip.
Biochemistry: Unexpected role for vitamin B2.
Aerosols: Uncertain then, irrelevant now.
Amphibious flies and paedomorphism in the Jurassic period.
Argon isotopic composition of Archaean atmosphere probes early Earth geodynamics.
Cognitive neuroscience: time, space and memory.
Defect pair separation as the controlling step in homogeneous ice melting.
Climate science: The cause of the pause.
[ldquo] Disentangling nestedness [rdquo] disentangled.
Journals: Open-access boom in developing nations.
Structural biology: Insulin meets its receptor.
Biotechnology: Africa and Asia need a rational debate on GM crops.
1D-1D Coulomb drag signature of a Luttinger liquid.
A single gene affects both ecological divergence and mate choice in Drosophila.
Decoupled catalytic hydrogen evolution from a molecular metal oxide redox mediator in water splitting.
Cdc48 and a ubiquitin ligase drive disassembly of the CMG helicase at the end of DNA replication.
Sequestration of a two-component response regulator by a riboswitch-regulated noncoding RNA.
Arabidopsis NAC45/86 direct sieve element morphogenesis culminating in enucleation.
The cultural evolution of mind reading.
Convergence between science and environmental education.
The race to clone BRCA1.
When electrons leave holes in organic solar cells.
Privacy and human behavior in the age of information.
A multifaceted program causes lasting progress for the very poor: Evidence from six countries.
The Genotype-Tissue Expression (GTEx) pilot analysis: Multitissue gene regulation in humans.
Structural basis for nucleotide exchange in heterotrimeric G proteins.
Sustainable goals from UN under fire.
Competition between MPS1 and microtubules at kinetochores regulates spindle checkpoint signaling.
Full crop protection from an insect pest by expression of long double-stranded RNAs in plastids.
Structural and biochemical basis for induced self-propagation of NLRC4.
Japan accelerator poised to go fully operational.
Mechanical control of spin states in spin-1 molecules and the underscreened Kondo effect.
Peripheral protein quality control removes unfolded CFTR from the plasma membrane.
Behavioral addictions debut in proposed DSM-V.
Adaptation via symbiosis: recent spread of a Drosophila defensive symbiont.
Histone H3 Thr-3 phosphorylation by Haspin positions Aurora B at centromeres in mitosis.
Mountaintop mining consequences.
Channel-mediated tonic GABA release from glia.
A stratified redox model for the Ediacaran ocean.
Optogenetic control of cardiac function.
Reducing the gender achievement gap in college science: A classroom study of values affirmation.
Wilms tumor suppressor WTX negatively regulates WNT/-catenin signaling.
Promotion of tissue inflammation by the immune receptor Tim-3 expressed on innate immune cells.
Atom interferometer measurement of the Newtonian constant of gravity.
The structure of a human p110/p85 complex elucidates the effects of oncogenic PI3K mutations.
A virus in a fungus in a plant: three-way symbiosis required for thermal tolerance.
Habitat split and the global decline of amphibians.
Magnetic resonance spectroscopy identifies neural progenitor cells in the live human brain.
Regulation of CD8+ T cell development by thymus-specific proteasomes.
Multipotent Drosophila intestinal stem cells specify daughter cell fates by differential notch signaling.
Tunability and noise dependence in differentiation dynamics.
Heterotopic shift of epithelial-mesenchymal interactions in vertebrate jaw evolution.
A role for interaction of the RNA polymerase flap domain with the  subunit in promoter recognition.
Early warming of tropical South America at the last glacial-interglacial transition.
Complex disease and the new clinical sciences.
A continuous source of Bose-Einstein condensed atoms.
Waves of larch budmoth outbreaks in the European Alps.
How to cope with space weather.
A Carbon-Free Sandwich Complex [(P5) 2Ti] 2.
X-ray imaging of shock waves generated by high-pressure fuel sprays.
High abrasion resistance with sparse mineralization: copper biomineral in worm jaws.
Glaciation as a destructive and constructive control on mountain building.
Direct generation of photon triplets using cascaded photon-pair sources.
Non-random decay of chordate characters causes bias in fossil interpretation.
Upside-down differentiation and generation of a 'primordial'lower mantle.
Isotope fractionation in silicate melts by thermal diffusion.
A new DAF-16 isoform regulates longevity.
Striations, duration, migration and tidal response in deep tremor.
Identification of sister chromatids by DNA template strand sequences.
Homologue structure of the SLAC1 anion channel for closing stomata in leaves.
Noise correlations improve response fidelity and stimulus encoding.
Distribution of hydrogen in the near surface of Mars: Evidence for subsurface ice deposits.
Unpredictable evolution in a 30-year study of Darwin's finches.
Methyltransferase recruitment and DNA hypermethylation of target promoters by an oncogenic transcription factor.
Role of Rpn11 metalloprotease in deubiquitination and degradation by the 26S proteasome.
Continuous wave operation of a mid-infrared semiconductor laser at room temperature.
Sustaining fisheries yields over evolutionary time scales.
Mast cells: a cellular link between autoantibodies and inflammatory arthritis.
Genetic evidence for an East Asian origin of domestic dogs.
Coherent temporal oscillations of macroscopic quantum states in a Josephson junction.
Evolutionary rate in the protein interaction network.
Remarkably ancient balanced polymorphisms in a multi-locus gene network.
Evolution of self-compatibility in Arabidopsis by a mutation in the male specificity gene.
Cleaving carboncarbon bonds by inserting tungsten into unstrained aromatic rings.
Epigenetic silencing of engineered L1 retrotransposition events in human embryonic carcinoma cells.
The dynamical mass of a classical Cepheid variable star in an eclipsing binary system.
Deviations from a uniform period spacing of gravity modes in a massive star.
Anthropogenic carbon dioxide transport in the Southern Ocean driven by Ekman flow.
Structure of the torque ring of the flagellar motor and the molecular basis for rotational switching.
A spindle-independent cleavage furrow positioning pathway.
Trans-acting small RNA determines dominance relationships in Brassica self-incompatibility.
Recombinant origin of the retrovirus XMRV.
Angiotensin II type 2 receptor signaling attenuates aortic aneurysm in mice through ERK antagonism.
Nonreciprocal light propagation in a silicon photonic circuit.
Classic selective sweeps were rare in recent human evolution.
Oriented 2D covalent organic framework thin films on single-layer graphene.
Dyscalculia: from brain to education.
Topological phase transition and texture inversion in a tunable topological insulator.
Active starvation responses mediate antibiotic tolerance in biofilms and nutrient-limited bacteria.
Polariton superfluids reveal quantum hydrodynamic solitons.
A possible relativistic jetted outburst from a massive black hole fed by a tidally disrupted star.
[DOC][DOC] Leading to Change/How Do You Change School Culture?.
Spin-wave lifetimes throughout the Brillouin zone.
Low-frequency spin dynamics in a canted antiferromagnet.
Regulating energy balance: the substrate strikes back.
Resonances in reaction dynamics.
Interferometric coupling of the Keck telescopes with single-mode fibers.
South Korean team's remaining human stem cell claim demolished.
Violent reaction to monoclonal antibody therapy remains a mystery.
Mobilization of a Drosophila transposon in the Caenorhabditis elegans germ line.
Effect of acoustic clutter on prey detection by bats.
Discovery of X-rays from the protostellar outflow object HH2.
Maternal investment: sex differences in avian yolk hormone levels.
Diamagnetic activity above Tc as a precursor to superconductivity in La2-xSrxCuO4 thin films.
In vitro evolution suggests multiple origins for the hammerhead ribozyme.
Unexpected inhibition of fusion in nucleusnucleus collisions.
Projection structure of a ClC-type chloride channel at 6.5  resolution.
Engineering disease resistance in plants.
C. elegans odour discrimination requires asymmetric diversity in olfactory neurons.
One-step fabrication of supramolecular microcapsules from microfluidic droplets.
TLR13 recognizes bacterial 23S rRNA devoid of erythromycin resistanceforming modification.
Oxidation of the guanine nucleotide pool underlies cell death by bactericidal antibiotics.
Iron catalysts for selective anti-markovnikov alkene hydrosilylation using tertiary silanes.
Mitochondrial import efficiency of ATFS-1 regulates mitochondrial UPR activation.
Structure of an intermediate state in protein folding and aggregation.
Mechanical writing of ferroelectric polarization.
PI4P and PI (4, 5) P2 are essential but independent lipid determinants of membrane identity.
Coercive citation in academic publishing.
Regulated virulence controls the ability of a pathogen to compete with the gut microbiota.
The infrared spectrum of Al2H6 in solid hydrogen.
A sublimation model for Martian south polar ice features.
Internal tides and ocean mixing.
Erythrocyte G protein-coupled receptor signaling in malarial infection.
The glass-to-glass transition and its end point in a copolymer micellar system.
Ferroelectricity in free niobium clusters.
Single molecule profiling of alternative pre-mRNA splicing.
Connecting the dots to custom catalysts.
First-principles calculations of PuO2x.
The secret lives of roots.
Continental ice in Greenland during the Eocene and Oligocene.
Allometric degree distributions facilitate food-web stability.
Nucleation and growth mechanism of ferroelectric domain-wall motion.
Genome-wide expression dynamics of a marine virus and host reveal features of co-evolution.
Anaerobic oxidation of short-chain hydrocarbons by marine sulphate-reducing bacteria.
TRAPPI tethers COPII vesicles by binding the coat subunit Sec23.
Transferrin receptor 1 is a cellular receptor for New World haemorrhagic fever arenaviruses.
Fire and flood management of coastal swamp enabled first rice paddy cultivation in east China.
Enantioselective halocyclization of polyprenoids induced by nucleophilic phosphoramidites.
Effective RNAi-mediated gene silencing without interruption of the endogenous microRNA pathway.
Atmospheric science: Ultraviolet light and leaf emission of NOx.
Palaeontology: preserved organs of Devonian harvestmen.
Geochemical evidence for efficient aquifer isolation over geological timeframes.
Carbon loss by deciduous trees in a CO2-rich ancient polar environment.
Global project needed to tackle coffee crisis.
Critics slam treatment for SARS as ineffective and perhaps dangerous.
Natural history collections in crisis as funding is slashed.
Cold ions in the hot plasma sheet of Earth's magnetotail.
Transcription factor IIB acetylates itself to regulate transcription.
An Arctic mammal fauna from the early Pliocene of North America.
Proapoptotic BAX and BAK modulate the unfolded protein response by a direct interaction with IRE1.
Quantum-dot spin-state preparation with near-unity fidelity.
Adjuvant-enhanced antibody responses in the absence of toll-like receptor signaling.
Photoconductive coaxial nanotubes of molecularly connected electron donor and acceptor layers.
Antiangiogenic therapy: a universal chemosensitization strategy for cancer?.
Platelet-derived serotonin mediates liver regeneration.
ATP release guides neutrophil chemotaxis via P2Y2 and A3 receptors.
CTCF mediates interchromosomal colocalization between Igf2/H19 and Wsb1/Nf1.
Magnetosomes are cell membrane invaginations organized by the actin-like protein MamK.
Synchrony, waves, and spatial hierarchies in the spread of influenza.
Ethics and the conduct of public health surveillance.
Nonvisual photoreception in the chick iris.
More on molecular electronics.
Was North Africa the launch pad for modern human migrations?.
Enhanced: The fate of industrial carbon dioxide.
Probing two-electron dynamics of an atom.
The Earliest Hominins--Is Less More?.
[C] Nurseries may have shipped sudden oak death pathogen nationwide.
Applications of acceptorless dehydrogenation and related transformations in chemical synthesis.
Commensal bacteria control cancer response to therapy by modulating the tumor microenvironment.
Essential biodiversity variables.
Taxel-addressable matrix of vertical-nanowire piezotronic transistors for active and adaptive tactile imaging.
Interactions between the nucleus accumbens and auditory cortices predict music reward value.
Controlled flight of a biologically inspired, insect-scale robot.
GWAS of 126,559 individuals identifies genetic variants associated with educational attainment.
Dynamic persistence of antibiotic-stressed mycobacteria.
Selective gas transport through few-layered graphene and graphene oxide membranes.
The genetic basis for bacterial mercury methylation.
Evolutionary biology: essence of mitochondria.
Structural colour: opal analogue discovered in a weevil.
RecBCD enzyme is a bipolar DNA helicase.
Applied physics: solar cells to dye for.
The voltage dependence of NADPH oxidase reveals why phagocytes need proton channels.
146Sm142Nd evidence from Isua metamorphosed sediments for early differentiation of the Earth's mantle.
Voyager 1 exited the solar wind at a distance of 85 AU from the Sun.
Quasi-periodic X-ray brightness fluctuations in an accreting millisecond pulsar.
Deep convection in the Irminger Sea forced by the Greenland tip jet.
Involvement of Notch and Delta genes in spider segmentation.
Strong coupling in a single quantum dotsemiconductor microcavity system.
Biophysics: water-repellent legs of water striders.
Inferences, questions and possibilities in Toll-like receptor signalling.
Evidence for dynamically organized modularity in the yeast proteinprotein interaction network.
Structural basis of long-term potentiation in single dendritic spines.
AMP-kinase regulates food intake by responding to hormonal and nutrient signals in the hypothalamus.
Single spin detection by magnetic resonance force microscopy.
A high-speed silicon optical modulator based on a metaloxidesemiconductor capacitor.
Single-shot read-out of an individual electron spin in a quantum dot.
Modelling disease outbreaks in realistic urban social networks.
The rise of fully turbulent flow.
EZH2 inhibition sensitizes BRG1 and EGFR mutant lung tumours to TopoII inhibitors.
Microbiology: Fungus against the wall.
Epochs: Disputed start dates for Anthropocene.
Lipid nanoparticle siRNA treatment of Ebola-virus-Makona-infected nonhuman primates.
Computational design of co-assembling protein-DNA nanowires.
Drug development: Mix and match.
Functional heterogeneity of human memory CD4+ T cell clones primed by pathogens or vaccines.
Eukaryotic plankton diversity in the sunlit ocean.
Priming a broadly neutralizing antibody response to HIV-1 using a germline-targeting immunogen.
Commensal microbes and interferon- determine persistence of enteric murine norovirus infection.
Determinants of community structure in the global plankton interactome.
Number-space mapping in the newborn chick resembles humans' mental number line.
Structure and function of the global ocean microbiome.
Exome sequencing in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis identifies risk genes and pathways.
The nongravitational interactions of dark matter in colliding galaxy clusters.
Climate change tightens a metabolic constraint on marine habitats.
Genome-wide RNAi analysis of growth and viability in Drosophila cells.
Thermoelectricity in semiconductor nanostructures.
A critical role for eosinophils in allergic airways remodeling.
The Hedgehog response network: sensors, switches, and routers.
The wheat VRN2 gene is a flowering repressor down-regulated by vernalization.
Observation of superflow in solid helium.
Improving the density of jammed disordered packings using ellipsoids.
Human PAD4 regulates histone arginine methylation levels via demethylimination.
A double-pulsar system: A rare laboratory for relativistic gravity and plasma physics.
Self-organized patchiness and catastrophic shifts in ecosystems.
Heparan sulphate proteoglycans fine-tune mammalian physiology.
Generation of single optical plasmons in metallic nanowires coupled to quantum dots.
Ultralow-power organic complementary circuits.
Atomic structure of a voltage-dependent K+ channel in a lipid membrane-like environment.
Aberrant innate immune response in lethal infection of macaques with the 1918 influenza virus.
Bipolar supercurrent in graphene.
Transport and Anderson localization in disordered two-dimensional photonic lattices.
A handful of carbon.
Genome-wide detection and characterization of positive selection in human populations.
Transgenic strategies for combinatorial expression of fluorescent proteins in the nervous system.
Brownian motion of DNA confined within a two-dimensional array.
Mediation of hippocampal mossy fiber long-term potentiation by presynaptic Ih channels.
The intangible value of vaccination.
Diamond genesis, seismic structure, and evolution of the Kaapvaal-Zimbabwe craton.
Hydrophobicity at a Janus interface.
Simulation of subduction zone seismicity by dehydration of serpentine.
Natural iron isotope variations in human blood.
Anterior-posterior polarity in C. elegans and Drosophila--PARallels and differences.
Deformation on nearby faults induced by the 1999 Hector Mine earthquake.
A cinderella caspase takes center stage.
Evidence for a collective intelligence factor in the performance of human groups.
Circadian integration of metabolism and energetics.
Community structure in time-dependent, multiscale, and multiplex networks.
Probing the superfluidtomott insulator transition at the single-atom level.
In situ observation of the electrochemical lithiation of a single SnO2 nanowire electrode.
Frequent mutations of chromatin remodeling gene ARID1A in ovarian clear cell carcinoma.
The control of the metabolic switch in cancers by oncogenes and tumor suppressor genes.
Erosion of lizard diversity by climate change and altered thermal niches.
Markets, religion, community size, and the evolution of fairness and punishment.
Sequencing of 50 human exomes reveals adaptation to high altitude.
An all-organic composite actuator material with a high dielectric constant.
Myc suppression of the p21Cip1 Cdk inhibitor influences the outcome of the p53 response to DNA damage.
A new phylum of Archaea represented by a nanosized hyperthermophilic symbiont.
A receptor kinase gene regulating symbiotic nodule development.
Myocyte renewal and ventricular remodelling.
Zero-resistance states induced by electromagnetic-wave excitation in GaAs/AlGaAs heterostructures.
Sub-ngstrom resolution using aberration corrected electron optics.
Rapidly recovering hydrogel scaffolds from self-assembling diblock copolypeptide amphiphiles.
Analysis of the Plasmodium falciparum proteome by high-accuracy mass spectrometry.
Stochastic and genetic factors influence tissue-specific decline in ageing C. elegans.
SUMO1-dependent modulation of SERCA2a in heart failure.
Identification of adult nephron progenitors capable of kidney regeneration in zebrafish.
Subunit arrangement and phenylethanolamine binding in GluN1/GluN2B NMDA receptors.
Telomere shortening and loss of self-renewal in dyskeratosis congenita induced pluripotent stem cells.
Regulation of Caenorhabditis elegans lifespan by sir-2.1 transgenes.
Postnatal loss of Dlk1 imprinting in stem cells and niche astrocytes regulates neurogenesis.
Polar actomyosin contractility destabilizes the position of the cytokinetic furrow.
An Archaeopteryx-like theropod from China and the origin of Avialae.
Modulation of Rab GTPase function by a protein phosphocholine transferase.
X chromosome dosage compensation via enhanced transcriptional elongation in Drosophila.
Plant litter decomposition in a semi-arid ecosystem controlled by photodegradation.
Mechanical twisting of a guest by a photoresponsive host.
Direct observation of the superfluid phase transition in ultracold Fermi gases.
Sirtuins as potential targets for metabolic syndrome.
Repulsively bound atom pairs in an optical lattice.
Nanog promotes transfer of pluripotency after cell fusion.
Prioritizing global conservation efforts.
Embryonic and extraembryonic stem cell lines derived from single mouse blastomeres.
Electrical activity in early neuronal development.
No supernovae associated with two long-duration &ggr;-ray bursts.
News from the edge of interstellar space.
Nickel to the fore.
Viral vectors still pack surprises.
Molecular analyses of oral polio vaccine samples.
Order from destruction.
Inverse modeling of atmospheric carbon dioxide fluxes.
The X files--one step closer to closure.
Nostril position in dinosaurs and other vertebrates and its significance for nasal function.
Atlantic water flow pathways revealed by lead contamination in Arctic basin sediments.
Genome-wide atlas of gene expression in the adult mouse brain.
Isolation of rare circulating tumour cells in cancer patients by microchip technology.
The complex language of chromatin regulation during transcription.
Evidence for wavelike energy transfer through quantum coherence in photosynthetic systems.
The grapevine genome sequence suggests ancestral hexaploidization in major angiosperm phyla.
Crystal structure of the human &bgr; 2 adrenergic G-protein-coupled receptor.
Recognition of microorganisms and activation of the immune response.
IL-21 initiates an alternative pathway to induce proinflammatory TH17 cells.
Perceptions of epigenetics.
Taking dendritic cells into medicine.
Variation among biomes in temporal dynamics of aboveground primary production.
Proximity-induced superconductivity in DNA.
Methane-consuming archaea revealed by directly coupled isotopic and phylogenetic analysis.
Impulsive choice induced in rats by lesions of the nucleus accumbens core.
Superconductivity in 4 angstrom single-walled carbon nanotubes.
Induction of direct antimicrobial activity through mammalian toll-like receptors.
Regulation of receptor fate by ubiquitination of activated 2-adrenergic receptor and -arrestin.
Molecular evidence for the early colonization of land by fungi and plants.
Expectation and dopamine release: mechanism of the placebo effect in Parkinson's disease.
Three-dimensionally ordered array of air bubbles in a polymer film.
NIH research: Think globally.
Genomic evidence for the Pleistocene and recent population history of Native Americans.
The weakening summer circulation in the Northern Hemisphere mid-latitudes.
Adoptive cell transfer as personalized immunotherapy for human cancer.
Magnetoelectric domain control in multiferroic TbMnO3.
Assembly of micro/nanomaterials into complex, three-dimensional architectures by compressive buckling.
Current impacts of the first geological map made.
Expression, genetic variation, and tissues.
Practical olefin hydroamination with nitroarenes.
Genome sequence of the PCE-dechlorinating bacterium Dehalococcoides ethenogenes.
Illumination of the melanopsin signaling pathway.
Simultaneous state measurement of coupled Josephson phase qubits.
No transcription-translation feedback in circadian rhythm of KaiC phosphorylation.
Nodal quasiparticles and antinodal charge ordering in Ca2-xNaxCuO2Cl2.
National character does not reflect mean personality trait levels in 49 cultures.
BZR1 is a transcriptional repressor with dual roles in brassinosteroid homeostasis and growth responses.
Counting cytokinesis proteins globally and locally in fission yeast.
Hanbury Brown Twiss effect for ultracold quantum gases.
Spin disorder on a triangular lattice.
Genome-scale DNA methylation maps of pluripotent and differentiated cells.
Somatic mutations affect key pathways in lung adenocarcinoma.
Origin and physiological roles of inflammation.
The complete genome of an individual by massively parallel DNA sequencing.
Endogenous human microRNAs that suppress breast cancer metastasis.
The ground state of embryonic stem cell self-renewal.
Wound repair and regeneration.
In vivo reprogramming of adult pancreatic exocrine cells to &bgr;-cells.
Efficient tumour formation by single human melanoma cells.
The quantum internet.
Forensics: age written in teeth by nuclear tests.
Modes of faulting at mid-ocean ridges.
A structural basis for allosteric control of DNA recombination by  integrase.
The artist as neuroscientist.
Efficient export of carbon to the deep ocean through dissolved organic matter.
A mutation accumulation assay reveals a broad capacity for rapid evolution of gene expression.
Aeolian processes at the Mars exploration rover Meridiani Planum landing site.
Young chondrules in CB chondrites from a giant impact in the early solar system.
A sensory source for motor variation.
Geophysical evidence from the MELT area for compositional controls on oceanic plates.
Chaperonin overexpression promotes genetic variation and enzyme evolution.
A connection between star formation activity and cosmic rays in the starburst galaxy M82.
RNA polymerase IITFIIB structure and mechanism of transcription initiation.
Unexpected consequences of a sudden and massive transposon amplification on rice gene expression.
Electrophysiology in the age of light.
A dimerization-dependent mechanism drives RAF catalytic activation.
Dendritic encoding of sensory stimuli controlled by deep cortical interneurons.
Intersubunit coordination in a homomeric ring ATPase.
Structure of the outer membrane complex of a type IV secretion system.
Homotypic fusion of ER membranes requires the dynamin-like GTPase atlastin.
Haematopoietic stem cell induction by somite-derived endothelial cells controlled by meox1.
 .
Synthetic biology: Construction of a yeast chromosome.
Aridification of the Sahara desert caused by Tethys Sea shrinkage during the Late Miocene.
Cancer: Interference identifies immune modulators.
Accelerator physics: Surf's up at SLAC.
 .
Symposia: Behind the scenes.
HIV: Not-so-innocent bystanders.
Turning point: Kate McAllister.
Genes lost and genes found: evolution of bacterial pathogenesis and symbiosis.
Reaction-controlled phase-transfer catalysis for propylene epoxidation to propylene oxide.
The REM sleep-memory consolidation hypothesis.
Control of glutamate clearance and synaptic efficacy by glial coverage of neurons.
Correction of sickle cell disease in transgenic mouse models by gene therapy.
A multispecies overkill simulation of the end-Pleistocene megafaunal mass extinction.
Responses to a warming world.
DNA methylation and epigenetic inheritance in plants and filamentous fungi.
Toward automated synthesis of oligosaccharides and glycoproteins.
Autosomal recessive hypercholesterolemia caused by mutations in a putative LDL receptor adaptor protein.
Tail reconnection triggering substorm onset.
PA-824 kills nonreplicating Mycobacterium tuberculosis by intracellular NO release.
Alignment uncertainty and genomic analysis.
Discovery of a cytokine and its receptor by functional screening of the extracellular proteome.
Strong interactions in multimode random lasers.
Polymer pen lithography.
Local positive feedback regulation determines cell shape in root hair cells.
Discovery of a Jupiter/Saturn analog with gravitational microlensing.
Revealing magnetic interactions from single-atom magnetization curves.
" Who" Is Saying" What"? Brain-Based Decoding of Human Voice and Speech.
The effects of artificial selection on the maize genome.
Comparative genomics of trypanosomatid parasitic protozoa.
Movement of eukaryotic mRNAs between polysomes and cytoplasmic processing bodies.
Ice-sheet and sea-level changes.
The genome of the basidiomycetous yeast and human pathogen Cryptococcus neoformans.
Coupling between neuronal firing, field potentials, and FMRI in human auditory cortex.
How obesity causes diabetes: not a tall tale.
An acylation cycle regulates localization and activity of palmitoylated Ras isoforms.
Rapid chiral assembly of rigid DNA building blocks for molecular nanofabrication.
TAZ, a transcriptional modulator of mesenchymal stem cell differentiation.
Dopamine-dependent prediction errors underpin reward-seeking behaviour in humans.
Inhibition of Dll4 signalling inhibits tumour growth by deregulating angiogenesis.
Boosting slow oscillations during sleep potentiates memory.
Ultrasensitive solution-cast quantum dot photodetectors.
BerezinskiiKosterlitzThouless crossover in a trapped atomic gas.
Retinal repair by transplantation of photoreceptor precursors.
New signals from the invasive front.
The influence of the surface migration of gold on the growth of silicon nanowires.
Critical role of TRAF3 in the Toll-like receptor-dependent and-independent antiviral response.
Toll-dependent selection of microbial antigens for presentation by dendritic cells.
Record-breaking winters and global climate change.
Fulleropyrrolidine interlayers: Tailoring electrodes to raise organic solar cell efficiency.
Intense foreshocks and a slow slip event preceded the 2014 Iquique Mw 8.1 earthquake.
Strong male bias drives germline mutation in chimpanzees.
A local macrophage chemokine network sustains protective tissue-resident memory CD4 T cells.
Flower discrimination by pollinators in a dynamic chemical environment.
Ebola vaccines racing forward at record pace.
Ion permeation in K+ channels occurs by direct Coulomb knock-on.
Programmable on-chip DNA compartments as artificial cells.
Chemical warfare among invaders: a detoxification interaction facilitates an ant invasion.
Structure of a prokaryotic virtual proton pump at 3.2  resolution.
Coexistence of Fermi arcs and Fermi pockets in a high-Tc copper oxide superconductor.
Specialized cells tag sexual and species identity in Drosophila melanogaster.
Common ecology quantifies human insurgency.
A burst of segmental duplications in the genome of the African great ape ancestor.
Hybrid organicinorganic rotaxanes and molecular shuttles.
Structural basis for leucine-rich nuclear export signal recognition by CRM1.
Sodium salts in E-ring ice grains from an ocean below the surface of Enceladus.
Intracortical circuits of pyramidal neurons reflect their long-range axonal targets.
Discrete sources as the origin of the Galactic X-ray ridge emission.
Prostaglandins and leukotrienes: advances in eicosanoid biology.
An extensive class of small RNAs in Caenorhabditis elegans.
An fMRI investigation of emotional engagement in moral judgment.
The molecular biology of memory storage: a dialogue between genes and synapses.
Self-assembly and mineralization of peptide-amphiphile nanofibers.
Directed assembly of one-dimensional nanostructures into functional networks.
Logic gates and computation from assembled nanowire building blocks.
Aerosols, climate, and the hydrological cycle.
Colloidal nanocrystal shape and size control: the case of cobalt.
A cellular function for the RNA-interference enzyme Dicer in the maturation of the let-7 small temporal RNA.
The Arabidopsis F-box protein TIR1 is an auxin receptor.
Crystal structure of a bacterial homologue of Na&plus;/Cl--dependent neurotransmitter transporters.
A continuous-wave Raman silicon laser.
X-inactivation profile reveals extensive variability in X-linked gene expression in females.
Active control of slow light on a chip with photonic crystal waveguides.
Highly efficient endogenous human gene correction using designed zinc-finger nucleases.
Characterization of the 1918 influenza virus polymerase genes.
Plant sesquiterpenes induce hyphal branching in arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi.
The PIN auxin efflux facilitator network controls growth and patterning in Arabidopsis roots.
Notch/-secretase inhibition turns proliferative cells in intestinal crypts and adenomas into goblet cells.
Reduced carbon emission estimates from fossil fuel combustion and cement production in China.
The egg.
Mathematics: Groping in the dark for glimpses of beauty.
Trade talk: Impact assessor.
Parent-progeny sequencing indicates higher mutation rates in heterozygotes.
A model-tested North Atlantic Oscillation reconstruction for the past millennium.
An extremely young massive clump forming by gravitational collapse in a primordial galaxy.
Structural basis for Na+ transport mechanism by a light-driven Na+ pump.
Financial markets: Tax transactions to stabilize trading.
[C] Colorectal cancer: 5 big questions.
Direct estimation of per nucleotide and genomic deleterious mutation rates in Drosophila.
Recognition of unmethylated histone H3 lysine 4 links BHC80 to LSD1-mediated gene repression.
A synaptic memory trace for cortical receptive field plasticity.
Intense hurricane activity over the past 5,000 years controlled by El Nio and the West African monsoon.
Specific role of mitochondrial electron transport in blood-stage Plasmodium falciparum.
Mutation of FIG4 causes neurodegeneration in the pale tremor mouse and patients with CMT4J.
Developmental reprogramming after chromosome transfer into mitotic mouse zygotes.
Element-selective imaging of atomic columns in a crystal using STEM and EELS.
Influenza: fatal immunity and the 1918 virus.
Fire as the dominant driver of central Canadian boreal forest carbon balance.
Mediator and cohesin connect gene expression and chromatin architecture.
Conserved role of intragenic DNA methylation in regulating alternative promoters.
International network of cancer genome projects.
The sequence and de novo assembly of the giant panda genome.
Understanding mechanisms underlying human gene expression variation with RNA sequencing.
Tumour vascularization via endothelial differentiation of glioblastoma stem-like cells.
Innate production of TH2 cytokines by adipose tissue-associated c-Kit+ Sca-1+ lymphoid cells.
Genome-wide association study of 107 phenotypes in Arabidopsis thaliana inbred lines.
Network organization of the human autophagy system.
Glioblastoma stem-like cells give rise to tumour endothelium.
Hybrid fracture and the transition from extension fracture to shear fracture.
A frequency-dependent switch from inhibition to excitation in a hippocampal unitary circuit.
A transmembrane protein required for acetylcholine receptor clustering in Caenorhabditis elegans.
A large population of 'Lyman-break'galaxies in a protocluster at redshift z &ap; 4.1.
Social parasitism by male-producing reproductive workers in a eusocial insect.
Neuroanatomy: brain asymmetry and long-term memory.
Tropism switching in Bordetella bacteriophage defines a family of diversity-generating retroelements.
Critically pressured free-gas reservoirs below gas-hydrate provinces.
Variable ageing and storage of dissolved organic components in the open ocean.
A meeting with Enrico Fermi.
Transcription and RNA interference in the formation of heterochromatin.
Global changes to the ubiquitin system in Huntington's disease.
Bv8 regulates myeloid-cell-dependent tumour angiogenesis.
Hybrid speciation.
Conformational entropy in molecular recognition by proteins.
Myc deletion rescues Apc deficiency in the small intestine.
The architecture of human kin detection.
Two stellar components in the halo of the Milky Way.
Helicobacter exploits integrin for type IV secretion and kinase activation.
A gastrin-releasing peptide receptor mediates the itch sensation in the spinal cord.
The Sorghum bicolor genome and the diversification of grasses.
Greenhouse-gas emission targets for limiting global warming to 2 C.
The cancer genome.
Emergence and pandemic potential of swine-origin H1N1 influenza virus.
A high-mobility electron-transporting polymer for printed transistors.
Targeted capture and massively parallel sequencing of 12 human exomes.
Plasmon lasers at deep subwavelength scale.
Metabolomic profiles delineate potential role for sarcosine in prostate cancer progression.
Cancer-associated IDH1 mutations produce 2-hydroxyglutarate.
In vitro and in vivo characterization of new swine-origin H1N1 influenza viruses.
Low host specificity of herbivorous insects in a tropical forest.
A bacteriolytic agent that detects and kills Bacillus anthracis.
Slowdown of the meridional overturning circulation in the upper Pacific Ocean.
The structure of the protein universe and genome evolution.
Molecular dynamics simulation of the ice nucleation and growth process leading to water freezing.
Oxidative demethylation by Escherichia coli AlkB directly reverts DNA base damage.
Structural basis for antagonist-mediated recruitment of nuclear co-repressors by PPAR.
Transgenic anopheline mosquitoes impaired in transmission of a malaria parasite.
Plutonium-based superconductivity with a transition temperature above 18 K.
Citation analysis: The counting house.
A deubiquitinase that regulates type I interferon production.
Divergence of transcription factor binding sites across related yeast species.
Counting low-copy number proteins in a single cell.
Structural rearrangements that govern flow in colloidal glasses.
Checkers is solved.
Asymmetric mating interactions drive widespread invasion and displacement in a whitefly.
A vasculature-associated niche for undifferentiated spermatogonia in the mouse testis.
Rtt109 acetylates histone H3 lysine 56 and functions in DNA replication.
Farmland biodiversity and the footprint of agriculture.
Male and female Drosophila germline stem cells: two versions of immortality.
Floral acoustics: conspicuous echoes of a dish-shaped leaf attract bat pollinators.
A frontal challenge for climate models.
Complex colloidal assembly.
Drug developers finally take aim at a neglected disease.
Superfast muscles set maximum call rate in echolocating bats.
Preschool matters.
Evidence of a global magma ocean in Io's interior.
A crystal structure of the complex between human complement receptor 2 and its ligand C3d.
Teaching creative science thinking.
Photosynthesis, reorganized.
Control use of data to protect privacy.
[C] I Think You'll Find It's a Bit More Complicated Than That.
[C] The New Math A Political History.
Conundrum of jumbled mosquito genomes.
[C] A novel drug discovery strategy inspired by traditional medicine philosophies.
Smoke and fire over e-cigarettes.
Modulation of postendocytic sorting of G protein-coupled receptors.
Subthalamic GAD gene therapy in a Parkinson's disease rat model.
Role of Yersinia murine toxin in survival of Yersinia pestis in the midgut of the flea vector.
Female germ cell aneuploidy and embryo death in mice lacking the meiosis-specific protein SCP3.
A phase separation model for the nanopatterning of diatom biosilica.
Biomaterials for sensors, fuel cells, and circuitry.
Foraminiferal calcification response to glacial-interglacial changes in atmospheric CO2.
CTCF, a candidate trans-acting factor for X-inactivation choice.
Extracting 3D from motion: differences in human and monkey intraparietal cortex.
External reflection from omnidirectional dielectric mirror fibers.
Decay of aftershock density with distance indicates triggering by dynamic stress.
The Dam1 kinetochore ring complex moves processively on depolymerizing microtubule ends.
A palaeotemperature curve for the Precambrian oceans based on silicon isotopes in cherts.
Superfluid helium: Visualization of quantized vortices.
Aberer, K., Cudre-Mauroux, P., Hauswirth, M. and Pelt. TV (2004). GridVine: Building Internet-Scale Semantic Overlay Networks, The 3rd International Semantic Web  .
Evidence from fluid inclusions for microbial methanogenesis in the early Archaean era.
Episodic fresh surface waters in the Eocene Arctic Ocean.
Hydrodynamic turbulence cannot transport angular momentum effectively in astrophysical disks.
AB5 subtilase cytotoxin inactivates the endoplasmic reticulum chaperone BiP.
Retroviral invasion of the koala genome.
Materials science: nanotubes unzipped.
Diversity dynamics of marine planktonic diatoms across the Cenozoic.
A strong, highly-tilted interstellar magnetic field near the Solar System.
Macrophage elastase kills bacteria within murine macrophages.
Fluid and deformation regime of an advancing subduction system at Marlborough, New Zealand.
Flipping of alkylated DNA damage bridges base and nucleotide excision repair.
Organ regeneration does not require a functional stem cell niche in plants.
Origins of life: Systems chemistry on early Earth.
Response and resistance to MEK inhibition in leukaemias initiated by hyperactive Ras.
Direct observation of the binding state of the kinesin head to the microtubule.
GDE2 promotes neurogenesis by glycosylphosphatidylinositol-anchor cleavage of RECK.
Biodiversity despite selective logging.
From sub-Rayleigh to supershear ruptures during stick-slip experiments on crustal rocks.
Unraveling charge transport in conjugated polymers.
Identification of a colonial chordate histocompatibility gene.
Identification of the long-sought common-envelope events.
Microcircuits for hierarchical elaboration of object coding across primate temporal areas.
Enantioselective synthesis of pactamycin, a complex antitumor antibiotic.
Biodiversity risks from fossil fuel extraction.
Soft-chemistrybased routes to epitaxial -quartz thin films with tunable textures.
Capture of the Sun's Oort cloud from stars in its birth cluster.
Highly silicic compositions on the Moon.
Regional variation of inner core anisotropy from seismic normal mode observations.
A size threshold limits prion transmission and establishes phenotypic diversity.
Rapid construction of empirical RNA fitness landscapes.
Apes among the tangled branches of human origins.
Global distribution of large lunar craters: Implications for resurfacing and impactor populations.
A Vibrio effector protein is an inositol phosphatase and disrupts host cell membrane integrity.
Btbd7 regulates epithelial cell dynamics and branching morphogenesis.
Large variations in Southern Hemisphere biomass burning during the last 650 years.
Reduced El NioSouthern Oscillation during the Last Glacial Maximum.
A return to the pre-antimicrobial era?.
The beyond-two-degree inferno.
Structural basis for RNA replication by the hepatitis C virus polymerase.
General Relativity: The comic book.
Crystallization in Ising quantum magnets.
Reading the tea leaves for effects of climate change.
Contrasting futures for ocean and society from different anthropogenic CO2 emissions scenarios.
A dendritic cell vaccine increases the breadth and diversity of melanoma neoantigen-specific T cells.
Climate science: A sink down under.
Catalytic enantioselective synthesis of quaternary carbon stereocentres.
Science and the arts: Rock and research.
Tuberculosis: Drug discovery goes au naturel.
Alternative fuels: Brazil promotes aviation biofuels.
THE POWER OF THREE.
Structural basis for the assembly of the Sxl-Unr translation regulatory complex.
Palaeoclimate science: Causes and effects of Antarctic ice.
Gene therapy: Editorial control.
Mesenchymal-endothelial transition contributes to cardiac neovascularization.
Late bronze age glass production at qantir-piramesses, egypt.
Signaling specificity in yeast.
The first glacial maximum in North America.
Synthesis and structure of sila-adamantane.
Major biocontrol of plant tumors targets tRNA synthetase.
Bioluminescent and red-fluorescent lures in a deep-sea siphonophore.
Secondary evolutionary escalation between brachiopods and enemies of other prey.
Saturn's temperature field from high-resolution middle-infrared imaging.
Extrasolar planets: Constraints for planet formation models.
Crystal structure of a claudin provides insight into the architecture of tight junctions.
Recurrent somatic mutations underlie corticotropin-independent Cushing's syndrome.
Monolignol ferulate transferase introduces chemically labile linkages into the lignin backbone.
A cascade of histone modifications induces chromatin condensation in mitosis.
Simultaneous transitions in cuprate momentum-space topology and electronic symmetry breaking.
Vaccine activation of the nutrient sensor GCN2 in dendritic cells enhances antigen presentation.
Spectroscopic observation of SU (N)-symmetric interactions in Sr orbital magnetism.
Femtosecond crystallography with ultrabright electrons and x-rays: capturing chemistry in action.
Ultimate permeation across atomically thin porous graphene.
Parity-timesymmetric microring lasers.
Evolution of a transcriptional repression domain in an insect Hox protein.
Fisheries productivity in the northeastern Pacific Ocean over the past 2,200 years.
Protein-misfolding diseases: getting out of shape.
L23 protein functions as a chaperone docking site on the ribosome.
Progenitor cell maintenance requires numb and numblike during mouse neurogenesis.
Hydrophobicity: Two faces of water.
Chloroplast avoidance movement reduces photodamage in plants.
The cost of inbreeding in Arabidopsis.
Enhancing the crops to feed the poor.
Geobacter metallireducens accesses insoluble Fe (III) oxide by chemotaxis.
An exceptionally preserved vermiform mollusc from the Silurian of England.
Plant genetics: Ancient wild olives in Mediterranean forests.
Computational design of direct-bandgap semiconductors that lattice-match silicon.
300-Myr-old magmatic CO2 in natural gas reservoirs of the west Texas Permian basin.
Neurodegenerative diseases: Origins of instability.
The electric moho.
Phenomenal fluids.
Flooding of Ganymede's bright terrains by low-viscosity water-ice lavas.
An abrupt climate event in a coupled oceanatmosphere simulation without external forcing.
Sensory adaptation: tunable colour vision in a mantis shrimp.
Changes in plant community composition lag behind climate warming in lowland forests.
Probing the electromagnetic field of a 15-nanometre hotspot by single molecule imaging.
A 2020 vision for vaccines against HIV, tuberculosis and malaria.
Crystal structure of nucleotide-free dynamin.
TERRA and hnRNPA1 orchestrate an RPA-to-POT1 switch on telomeric single-stranded DNA.
Woody cover and hominin environments in the past 6 [thinsp] million years.
Lyn is a redox sensor that mediates leukocyte wound attraction in vivo.
Fat cells reactivate quiescent neuroblasts via TOR and glial insulin relays in Drosophila.
Experimental non-classicality of an indivisible quantum system.
Sequence-based characterization of structural variation in the mouse genome.
Volatile accretion history of the terrestrial planets and dynamic implications.
The Beagle in a bottle.
Unlimited multistability in multisite phosphorylation systems.
Chemical regulators have overreached.
Contamination of the asteroid belt by primordial trans-Neptunian objects.
Electronic acceleration of atomic motions and disordering in bismuth.
Innate immune and chemically triggered oxidative stress modifies translational fidelity.
Accretion disk winds as the jet suppression mechanism in the microquasar GRS 1915+ 105.
Select Drosophila glomeruli mediate innate olfactory attraction and aversion.
A role for a neo-sex chromosome in stickleback speciation.
Endospore abundance, microbial growth and necromass turnover in deep sub-seafloor sediment.
Gated regulation of CRAC channel ion selectivity by STIM1.
Antiparallel EmrE exports drugs by exchanging between asymmetric structures.
Persistent near-tropical warmth on the Antarctic continent during the early Eocene epoch.
Clusters of iron-rich cells in the upper beak of pigeons are macrophages not magnetosensitive neurons.
Visualizing heavy fermions emerging in a quantum critical Kondo lattice.
Single-molecule imaging of DNA pairing by RecA reveals a three-dimensional homology search.
The yeast Fun30 and human SMARCAD1 chromatin remodellers promote DNA end resection.
Resurrection of endogenous retroviruses in antibody-deficient mice.
Passenger deletions generate therapeutic vulnerabilities in cancer.
A memory retrieval-extinction procedure to prevent drug craving and relapse.
Removal of shelterin reveals the telomere end-protection problem.
Massive phytoplankton blooms under Arctic sea ice.
Symmetry-protected topological orders in interacting bosonic systems.
The centrosome in cells and organisms.
The technology path to deep greenhouse gas emissions cuts by 2050: the pivotal role of electricity.
Dedifferentiation of neurons and astrocytes by oncogenes can induce gliomas in mice.
Lethally hot temperatures during the Early Triassic greenhouse.
EZH2 oncogenic activity in castration-resistant prostate cancer cells is Polycomb-independent.
Bond-order discrimination by atomic force microscopy.
Neurodegeneration: good riddance to bad rubbish.
Energetics reveals physiologically distinct castes in a eusocial mammal.
Mechanoluminescence: Light from sonication of crystal slurries.
Occultation of X-rays from Scorpius X-1 by small trans-neptunian objects.
Amplification of histone genes by circular chromosome formation in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Quantum physics: A mnage  trois laid bare.
The critical role of disks in the formation of high-mass stars.
Medicine: grapes versus gluttony.
Lunar activity from recent gas release.
Protein arrays: growing pains.
Metabotropic glutamate receptors and fragile x mental retardation protein: partners in translational regulation at the synapse.
Massive Horizontal Gene Transfer in Bdelloid Rotifers.
High-Quality Binary Protein Interaction Map of the.
Kinome siRNA screen identifies regulators of ciliogenesis and hedgehog signal transduction.
Clustered DNA motifs mark X chromosomes for repression by a dosage compensation complex.
Global health diagnostics.
Earth science: Is earthquake rupture deterministic?.
2020 computing: Everything, everywhere.
Atmospheric chemistry: biogenic bromine.
Palaeontology: a firm step from water to land.
Pregnenolone stabilizes microtubules and promotes zebrafish embryonic cell movement.
Rapid subtropical North Atlantic salinity oscillations across DansgaardOeschger cycles.
Econophysics: culture crash.
Tetrapod-like middle ear architecture in a Devonian fish.
Returning America's forests to their'natural'roots.
New insights into type 2 diabetes.
Dimer preparation that mimics the transition state for the adsorption of H2 on the Si (100)-2 1 surface.
Quantum-critical conductivity scaling for a metal-insulator transition.
FasL binds preassembled Fas.
Remobilization in the cratonic lithosphere recorded in polycrystalline diamond.
92Nb-92Zr and the early differentiation history of planetary bodies.
A causality problem for Milankovitch.
A brief history of polio vaccines.
Pigs is pigs.
Cis-interactions between Notch and Delta generate mutually exclusive signalling states.
Lithospheric layering in the North American craton.
Strong crystal size effect on deformation twinning.
KAP1 controls endogenous retroviruses in embryonic stem cells.
The polar ocean and glacial cycles in atmospheric CO2 concentration.
Social learning promotes institutions for governing the commons.
Time-resolved observation of coherent multi-body interactions in quantum phase revivals.
Emerging properties of animal gene regulatory networks.
B-cell-derived lymphotoxin promotes castration-resistant prostate cancer.
Ribosome dynamics and tRNA movement by time-resolved electron cryomicroscopy.
Major dissociation between medial and lateral entorhinal input to dorsal hippocampus.
Sulfates in the north polar region of Mars detected by OMEGA/Mars Express.
Increase in activity during calorie restriction requires Sirt1.
Attractor dynamics in the hippocampal representation of the local environment.
Effects of telomerase and telomere length on epidermal stem cell behavior.
Dynamic complex formation during the yeast cell cycle.
Altered TCR signaling from geometrically repatterned immunological synapses.
Induction of protein secretory pathway is required for systemic acquired resistance.
Semaphorin 3E and plexin-D1 control vascular pattern independently of neuropilins.
Atmospheric methane and nitrous oxide of the late Pleistocene from Antarctic ice cores.
Consent from donors for embryo and stem cell research.
A Risky Business--Assessing Breast Cancer Risk.
Nonlinear optics in fibers.
Watching nanoparticles grow.
The ratios of life.
Adelie penguins and environmental change.
IP policies and serving the public.
Life and the art of networks.
ORs rule the roost in the olfactory system.
A single gene causes both male sterility and segregation distortion in Drosophila hybrids.
High-throughput sequencing of the zebrafish antibody repertoire.
Gigahertz dynamics of a strongly driven single quantum spin.
The earliest horse harnessing and milking.
Radio imaging of the very-high-energy -ray emission region in the central engine of a radio galaxy.
The SOS response controls integron recombination.
An E3 ligase possessing an iron-responsive hemerythrin domain is a regulator of iron homeostasis.
Dynamical quorum sensing and synchronization in large populations of chemical oscillators.
On the origin of species by natural and sexual selection.
Structure and mechanism of a Na+-independent amino acid transporter.
A universal model for mobility and migration patterns.
Differential oestrogen receptor binding is associated with clinical outcome in breast cancer.
Global warming preceded by increasing carbon dioxide concentrations during the last deglaciation.
Spontaneous giving and calculated greed.
Medulloblastoma exome sequencing uncovers subtype-specific somatic mutations.
Input-specific control of reward and aversion in the ventral tegmental area.
Extrathymically generated regulatory T cells control mucosal TH2 inflammation.
Wild-type microglia arrest pathology in a mouse model of Rett syndrome.
Quantum nonlinear optics with single photons enabled by strongly interacting atoms.
Complete subunit architecture of the proteasome regulatory particle.
A quality-controlled global runoff data set.
Sociologist fools physics judges.
Device physics: A bug-beating diode.
Down's syndrome: critical genes in a critical region.
Plasma physics: Cool vibes.
[C] Archaeology: progress and pitfalls in radiocarbon dating.
Geology: The start of the world as we know it.
Lamprey-like gills in a gnathostome-related Devonian jawless vertebrate.
Nuclear physics: Island ahoy!.
Protein folding: inside the cage.
Old galaxies in the young Universe.
Exploring biology with small organic molecules.
Archaeology and age of a new hominin from Flores in eastern Indonesia.
Regulation of Toll/IL-1-receptor-mediated gene expression by the inducible nuclear protein IB.
Accurate multiplex gene synthesis from programmable DNA microchips.
Cyclin-dependent kinases regulate the antiproliferative function of Smads.
Upwelling-driven nearshore hypoxia signals ecosystem and oceanographic changes in the northeast Pacific.
Low-populated folding intermediates of Fyn SH3 characterized by relaxation dispersion NMR.
Mice cloned from olfactory sensory neurons.
Hall-effect evolution across a heavy-fermion quantum critical point.
The promises and pitfalls of RNA-interference-based therapeutics.
Cold streams in early massive hot haloes as the main mode of galaxy formation.
Autism genome-wide copy number variation reveals ubiquitin and neuronal genes.
The structural basis of lipopolysaccharide recognition by the TLR4MD-2 complex.
miR-145 and miR-143 regulate smooth muscle cell fate and plasticity.
Cellular prion protein mediates impairment of synaptic plasticity by amyloid-&bgr; oligomers.
Self-assembly of DNA into nanoscale three-dimensional shapes.
AIM2 activates the inflammasome and cell death in response to cytoplasmic DNA.
Synthetic magnetic fields for ultracold neutral atoms.
Common variants on chromosome 6p22. 1 are associated with schizophrenia.
Characteristics of C4 photosynthesis in stems and petioles of C3 flowering plants.
Experimental evidence for sub-3-fs charge transfer from an aromatic adsorbate to a semiconductor.
Abiogenic formation of alkanes in the Earth's crust as a minor source for global hydrocarbon reservoirs.
Host-plant adaptation drives the parallel evolution of reproductive isolation.
The Wnt/calcium pathway activates NF-AT and promotes ventral cell fate in Xenopus embryos.
Long-term plasticity in hippocampal place-cell representation of environmental geometry.
Deficient pheromone responses in mice lacking a cluster of vomeronasal receptor genes.
Rac GTPases control axon growth, guidance and branching.
Quantifying nitrogen-fixation in feather moss carpets of boreal forests.
Structure of the cell-puncturing device of bacteriophage T4.
Ideas Fly at Gene-Finding Jamboree--Pennisi 287 (5461): 2182--Sciencehttp://www. sciencemag. org. ezp1. harvard. edu/cgi/content/full/287/5461/2182.
Movement patterns in spoken language.
Regional differences in cortical organization.
Movies of the glass transition.
Searching for a parasite's weak spot.
Financial conflicts get more scrutiny in clinical trials.
Balancing the collaboration equation.
Japan's whaling program carries heavy baggage.
Stealth genome rocks rice researchers.
Microbial genes in the human genome: lateral transfer or gene loss?.
Role of inorganic polyphosphate in promoting ribosomal protein degradation by the Lon protease in E. coli.
Origin of whales from early artiodactyls: hands and feet of Eocene Protocetidae from Pakistan.
Superconductivity in boron.
Energetic and fitness costs of mismatching resource supply and demand in seasonally breeding birds.
Engineering crystal symmetry and polar order in molecular host frameworks.
A role for thrombin receptor signaling in endothelial cells during embryonic development.
The cost of greenhouse gas mitigation in US agriculture and forestry.
Antibody catalysis of the oxidation of water.
Carboxyl-terminal modulator protein (CTMP), a negative regulator of PKB/Akt and v-Akt at the plasma membrane.
The principle of compromise in competition: exploring stability condition of protein folding.
An in situ STM investigation of EMITFSI ionic liquid on Au (111) in the presence of lithium salt.
Determination of thailandepsin B in rat plasma with a LC-MS/MS method.
Enhanced electrochemical stimuli multilayers based on a ferrocene-containing polymer.
PEARL translational network: an infrastructure for person-centricity and improved clinical outcomes.
Data fraud in clinical trials.
Altered expression of microRNAs in the response to ER stress.
The RAF-MEK-ERK pathway: targeting ERK to overcome obstacles to effective cancer therapy.
Near-infrared spectroscopy in upstream bioprocesses.
Single-use perfusion bioreactors support continuous biomanufacturing.
Magnetic field observations as Voyager 1 entered the heliosheath depletion region.
Near-complete extinction of native small mammal fauna 25 years after forest fragmentation.
Stellar Spin-Orbit Misalignment in a Multiplanet System.
Evaluating pesticide degradation in the environment: blind spots and emerging opportunities.
Tracking individuals shows spatial fidelity is a key regulator of ant social organization.
Switchable static and dynamic self-assembly of magnetic droplets on superhydrophobic surfaces.
Cryptic variation in morphological evolution: HSP90 as a capacitor for loss of eyes in cavefish.
Ultrafast three-dimensional imaging of lattice dynamics in individual gold nanocrystals.
Deterministically encoding quantum information using 100-photon Schrdinger cat states.
Export of algal biomass from the melting Arctic sea ice.
Genetic linkage of ecological specialization and reproductive isolation in pea aphids.
Crystal structure of a hairpin ribozymeinhibitor complex with implications for catalysis.
Isotopic evidence for microbial sulphate reduction in the early Archaean era.
Correlated evolution of morphology and vocal signal structure in Darwin's finches.
Reproductive isolation caused by colour pattern mimicry.
The end of the beginning for pluripotent stem cells.
The genetic architecture of divergence between threespine stickleback species.
The highly reduced genome of an enslaved algal nucleus.
Barttin is a Cl-channel -subunit crucial for renal Cl-reabsorption and inner ear K&plus; secretion.
Spanwise flow and the attachment of the leading-edge vortex on insect wings.
The sea urchin genome: where will it lead us?.
Direct determination of local lattice polarity in crystals.
Self-healing pulse-like shear ruptures in the laboratory.
[C] Responding to fraud.
Thermal preference and tolerance of alvinellids.
A keystone mutualism drives pattern in a power function.
H5N1 moves into Africa, European Union, deepening global crisis.
Forced resonant migration of Pluto's outer satellites by Charon.
Severely reduced female fertility in CD9-deficient mice.
NMDA receptor-dependent synaptic reinforcement as a crucial process for memory consolidation.
Structure of the light-driven chloride pump halorhodopsin at 1.8  resolution.
Homogenization of fish faunas across the United States.
Modulation of human visual cortex by crossmodal spatial attention.
Formation of cyclic water hexamer in liquid helium: the smallest piece of ice.
Requirement of CD9 on the egg plasma membrane for fertilization.
Radiation tolerance of complex oxides.
Role of adenine nucleotide translocator 1 in mtDNA maintenance.
Electrochemical micromachining.
Insulin disrupts -adrenergic signalling to protein kinase A in adipocytes.
Sexual behaviour: rapid speciation in an arthropod.
Proteorhodopsin in the ubiquitous marine bacterium SAR11.
Distinguishing random environmental fluctuations from ecological catastrophes for the North Pacific Ocean.
Nodal quasiparticle in pseudogapped colossal magnetoresistive manganites.
Structural mechanism for sterol sensing and transport by OSBP-related proteins.
Enhancing semiconductor device performance using ordered dopant arrays.
Identification of JAK/STAT signalling components by genome-wide RNA interference.
Structure of a repair enzyme interrogating undamaged DNA elucidates recognition of damaged DNA.
Repeated cocaine exposure in vivo facilitates LTP induction in midbrain dopamine neurons.
Mustard oils and cannabinoids excite sensory nerve fibres through the TRP channel ANKTM1.
Unlocking the potential of the human genome with RNA interference.
Proof and evolutionary analysis of ancient genome duplication in the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
De-ubiquitination and ubiquitin ligase domains of A20 downregulate NF-B signalling.
Genome evolution in yeasts.
Absence of S6K1 protects against age-and diet-induced obesity while enhancing insulin sensitivity.
Gene regulation and DNA damage in the ageing human brain.
Genetic analysis of genome-wide variation in human gene expression.
T-cell priming by dendriticcells in lymph nodes occurs in three distinct phases.
Impact of climate change on marine pelagic phenology and trophic mismatch.
Evolutionary biology: geography and skin colour.
Cortical growth marks reveal extended juvenile development in New Zealand moa.
Chemical communication: butterfly anti-aphrodisiac lures parasitic wasps.
Multiple volcanic episodes of flood basalts caused by thermochemical mantle plumes.
Cell biology: relays at the membrane.
Saturn's moon Phoebe as a captured body from the outer Solar System.
Lithospheric structure of the Rio Grande rift.
Albedo of the south pole on Mars determined by topographic forcing of atmosphere dynamics.
Low European methyl chloroform emissions inferred from long-term atmospheric measurements.
Life: in search of the simplest cell.
Eocene primates of South America and the African origins of New World monkeys.
EFF-1-mediated regenerative axonal fusion requires components of the apoptotic pathway.
Climate science: The future of coastal ocean upwelling.
Neuroscience: Drama of consciousness.
Structure of the human 80S ribosome.
The diurnal cycle of water ice on comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko.
Self-similar fragmentation regulated by magnetic fields in a region forming massive stars.
MAP4K4 regulates integrin-FERM binding to control endothelial cell motility.
Cell biology: Polarized transport in the Golgi apparatus.
Implications of magma transfer between multiple reservoirs on eruption cycling.
Tough lessons from golden rice.
Ecosystem feedbacks and nitrogen fixation in boreal forests.
Comment on" Fire-derived charcoal causes loss of forest humus".
Observing the creation of electronic Feshbach resonances in Soft X-rayinduced O2 dissociation.
Anticrack nucleation as triggering mechanism for snow slab avalanches.
Direct imaging of reconstructed atoms on TiO2 (110) surfaces.
Mercury cratering record viewed from MESSENGER's first flyby.
Magnetism on the angrite parent body and the early differentiation of planetesimals.
Structural insights into a circadian oscillator.
Electrochromic nanocrystal quantum dots.
Cohesin cleavage by separase required for anaphase and cytokinesis in human cells.
Ancient geodynamics and global-scale hydrology on Mars.
Quantitative measurement of short-range chemical bonding forces.
The epidemic behavior of the hepatitis C virus.
Physical properties determining self-organization of motors and microtubules.
Structure of a Bag/Hsc70 complex: convergent functional evolution of Hsp70 nucleotide exchange factors.
What drives societal collapse?.
Extreme diversity, conservation, and convergence of spider silk fibroin sequences.
Limits on silicon nanoelectronics for terascale integration.
Rules of engagement.
Carbon cycle: Marine manipulations.
Short-circuiting of the overturning circulation in the Antarctic Circumpolar Current.
Structure prediction for the down state of a potassium channel voltage sensor.
Ecology: diversity and stability in plant communities.
Oceanography: a marine nitrogen cycle fix?.
Mechanochemistry: A reaction to stress.
Fluctuating superconductivity in organic molecular metals close to the Mott transition.
Helium isotopic evidence for episodic mantle melting and crustal growth.
[C] Algae bloom again.
Organics captured from comet 81P/Wild 2 by the Stardust spacecraft.
Transient homologous chromosome pairing marks the onset of X inactivation.
What is natural? The need for a long-term perspective in biodiversity conservation.
Bolometric infrared photoresponse of suspended single-walled carbon nanotube films.
A calcium-regulated MEF2 sumoylation switch controls postsynaptic differentiation.
The competitive cost of antibiotic resistance in Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
WNT and DKK determine hair follicle spacing through a reaction-diffusion mechanism.
HIV decline associated with behavior change in eastern Zimbabwe.
Manipulation of host hepatocytes by the malaria parasite for delivery into liver sinusoids.
High natural aerosol loading over boreal forests.
Direct payments to conserve biodiversity.
High carrier mobility in single-crystal plasma-deposited diamond.
Diversity considerations in HIV-1 vaccine selection.
The Fas signaling pathway: more than a paradigm.
Senescence induced by altered telomere state, not telomere loss.
Self-assembly of phase-segregated liquid crystal structures.
A critical role for IL-21 in regulating immunoglobulin production.
Development of spontaneous airway changes consistent with human asthma in mice lacking T-bet.
T cell receptor signaling precedes immunological synapse formation.
On the origin of interictal activity in human temporal lobe epilepsy in vitro.
Biomechanics: penguin waddling is not wasteful.
AIDS: escape from the immune system.
Ecophysiology: Penguin fathers preserve food for their chicks.
Fossiliferous Lana'i deposits formed by multiple events rather than a single giant tsunami.
Cancer: Benefits of bad telomeres.
Glass transition: hard knock for thermodynamics.
Signal transduction: a cellular rescue team.
Isotopic evidence for Late Cretaceous plumeridge interaction at the Hawaiian hotspot.
Auditory perception: How cicadas interpret acoustic signals.
Marine control of biological production in the eastern equatorial Pacific Ocean.
Savanna vegetation-fire-climate relationships differ among continents.
Clustering by fast search and find of density peaks.
Altitudinal changes in malaria incidence in highlands of Ethiopia and Colombia.
Mechanism of activation of protein kinase JAK2 by the growth hormone receptor.
Enteric bacteria promote human and mouse norovirus infection of B cells.
The transcription factor Gata6 links tissue macrophage phenotype and proliferative renewal.
Quantifying global international migration flows.
Bacterial vesicles in marine ecosystems.
Reproducibility.
C9orf72 repeat expansions cause neurodegeneration in Drosophila through arginine-rich proteins.
The rapid origin of reproductive isolation.
Variety spices up Chinese rice yields.
[C] Science and secrecy.
New corn plant draws fire from GM food opponents.
Storm erupts over terms for publishing Celera's sequence.
[C] Limiting atmospheric CO2.
New arenavirus blamed for recent deaths in California.
Everglades restoration plan hits rough waters.
Is AIDS in Africa a distinct disease?.
Mate fidelity and intra-lineage polygyny in greater horseshoe bats.
Biodiversity: an index of intactness.
Plate-wide stress relaxation explains European Palaeocene basin inversions.
Permian tetrapods from the Sahara show climate-controlled endemism in Pangaea.
Neuroscience: rewiring the adult brain.
Complex systems: order out of chaos.
The mental universe.
Optoelectronics: silicon shines on.
Lymphatic system: unlocking the drains.
Negative lattice expansion from the superconductivityantiferromagnetism crossover in ruthenium copper oxides.
Science degrees without the science.
Record of winter monsoon strength.
RNA silencing: genomic defence with a slice of pi.
Feedback inhibition of calcineurin and Ras by a dual inhibitory protein Carabin.
Cancer patients opt for unapproved drug.
Epigenetics.
Superconductors: unusual oxygen isotope effects in cuprates?.
Palaeogeography: Europe cut adrift.
Glycochemistry & glycobiology.
Metrology: new generation of combs.
Induced pluripotent stem cell lines derived from human somatic cells.
Efficient tandem polymer solar cells fabricated by all-solution processing.
MET amplification leads to gefitinib resistance in lung cancer by activating ERBB3 signaling.
A common variant in the FTO gene is associated with body mass index and predisposes to childhood and adult obesity.
Clustering by passing messages between data points.
Coral reefs under rapid climate change and ocean acidification.
High-resolution crystal structure of an engineered human 2-adrenergic G proteincoupled receptor.
Quantum spin Hall insulator state in HgTe quantum wells.
A genome-wide association study of type 2 diabetes in Finns detects multiple susceptibility variants.
Wireless power transfer via strongly coupled magnetic resonances.
Secretion of a potent antibiotic by salt-tolerant and alkaliphilic actinomycete Streptomyces sannanensis strain RJT-1.
Task complexity and informing science: A synthesis.
Laboratory evaluation of the toxic properties of forest anchomanes, Anchomanes difformis against pulse beetle Callosobruchus maculatus (Coleoptera: Bruchidae).
Activation of MEK/ERK and PI3K/Akt pathways by fibronectin requires integrin vmediated ADAM activity in hepatocellular carcinoma: A novel functional target for  .
Adaptation and human migration, and evidence of agriculture coincident with changes in the Indian summer monsoon during the Holocene.
Association analysis of important agronomic traits using SSR, SAMPL and AFLP markers in bread wheat.
TVSBS: A fast exact pattern matching algorithm for biological sequences.
Societal implications of nanoscience and nanotechnology in developing countries.
Fluorescence (Frster) resonance energy transfer imaging of oncogene activity in living cells.
Rogue mantle helium and neon.
A large excess in apparent solar oblateness due to surface magnetism.
Optimizing ecosystem services in China.
A quantitative link between recycling and osmium isotopes.
Response to comment on Phytoplankton calcification in a high-CO2 world.
Electric fields due to synaptic currents sharpen excitatory transmission.
The energetic cost of climbing in primates.
Helium and neon abundances and compositions in cometary matter.
This title is false.
Photonics: Light control at will.
Cancer: three birds with one stone.
[C] Ebola outbreak has experts rooting for answers..
Involvement of Tis11b, an AU-rich binding protein, in induction of apoptosis by rituximab in B cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia cells.
Chemical methods for the production of graphenes.
Silk production from tarantula feet questioned.
[C] How severe will the flu outbreak be?.
Discovery of a sexual cycle in the opportunistic fungal pathogen Aspergillus fumigatus.
Calcium flickers steer cell migration.
Violation of Bell's inequality in Josephson phase qubits.
Nucleation, propagation and cleavage of target RNAs in Ago silencing complexes.
Gain-of-function of mutated C-CBL tumour suppressor in myeloid neoplasms.
Complete but curtailed T-cell response to very low-affinity antigen.
Adult satellite cells and embryonic muscle progenitors have distinct genetic requirements.
Biomechanical forces promote embryonic haematopoiesis.
CD8+ T lymphocyte mobilization to virus-infected tissue requires CD4+ T-cell help.
Human DAZL, DAZ and BOULE genes modulate primordial germ-cell and haploid gamete formation.
Forces for morphogenesis investigated with laser microsurgery and quantitative modeling.
Mars-like soils in the Atacama Desert, Chile, and the dry limit of microbial life.
Requirement of AMPA receptor GluR2 phosphorylation for cerebellar long-term depression.
Thermonuclear supernovae: Simulations of the deflagration stage and their implications.
Oxygen-mediated diffusion of oxygen vacancies on the TiO2 (110) surface.
Life and death decisions.
Gas-phase infrared spectrum of the protonated water dimer.
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs can lower amyloidogenic A42 by inhibiting Rho.
Regulation of NF-B-dependent lymphocyte activation and development by paracaspase.
Lateralized cognitive processes and lateralized task control in the human brain.
Plio-Pleistocene ice volume, Antarctic climate, and the global 18O record.
Odorant receptorderived cAMP signals direct axonal targeting.
Transgenic mice with a reduced core body temperature have an increased life span.
From the genome to the proteome: uncovering peptides in the Apis brain.
Lhx2 maintains stem cell character in hair follicles.
The geometry of musical chords.
Magnetic fields in the formation of sun-like stars.
The Ste5 scaffold allosterically modulates signaling output of the yeast mating pathway.
Impact features on Stardust: Implications for comet 81P/Wild 2 dust.
Early Pleistocene glacial cycles and the integrated summer insolation forcing.
Dual activation of the Drosophila toll pathway by two pattern recognition receptors.
Antiretroviral drugs for tuberculosis control in the era of HIV/AIDS.
NompC TRP channel required for vertebrate sensory hair cell mechanotransduction.
Morphology and composition of the surface of Mars: Mars Odyssey THEMIS results.
Does the trigger for abrupt climate change reside in the ocean or in the atmosphere?.
The Emperor Seamounts: Southward motion of the Hawaiian hotspot plume in Earth's mantle.
Enhanced fitness conferred by naturally occurring variation in the circadian clock.
Boon and bane of metal ions in medicine.
Phylogenetics and the cohesion of bacterial genomes.
Quantum cascade surface-emitting photonic crystal laser.
c-di-AMP secreted by intracellular Listeria monocytogenes activates a host type I interferon response.
Interface-confined ferrous centers for catalytic oxidation.
Why copy others? Insights from the social learning strategies tournament.
Optical clocks and relativity.
Self-assembly of Janus dendrimers into uniform dendrimersomes and other complex architectures.
Objective confirmation of subjective measures of human well-being: Evidence from the USA.
Quantum criticality in an Ising chain: experimental evidence for emergent E8 symmetry.
Observation of plasmarons in quasi-freestanding doped graphene.
Arguing to learn in science: The role of collaborative, critical discourse.
Single-shot readout of a single nuclear spin.
GaN photonic-crystal surface-emitting laser at blue-violet wavelengths.
Human-specific gain of function in a developmental enhancer.
Superconductivity in hydrogen dominant materials: Silane.
Helical structures of ESCRT-III are disassembled by VPS4.
Fat metabolism links germline stem cells and longevity in C. elegans.
Programming DNA tube circumferences.
Hydrodefluorination of perfluoroalkyl groups using silylium-carborane catalysts.
Metabolic diversificationindependent assembly of operon-like gene clusters in different plants.
Deletion of Trpm7 disrupts embryonic development and thymopoiesis without altering Mg2+ homeostasis.
Activation of pannexin-1 hemichannels augments aberrant bursting in the hippocampus.
Release of chromatin protein HMGB1 by necrotic cells triggers inflammation.
Growth of nanowire superlattice structures for nanoscale photonics and electronics.
A central role for JNK in obesity and insulin resistance.
Complete genome sequence of the model actinomycete Streptomyces coelicolor A3 (2).
Bone marrow cells adopt the phenotype of other cells by spontaneous cell fusion.
Functional neurogenesis in the adult hippocampus.
Terahertz semiconductor-heterostructure laser.
Towards sustainability in world fisheries.
Comparative assessment of large-scale data sets of proteinprotein interactions.
Electroluminescence from single monolayers of nanocrystals in molecular organic devices.
Occurrence of a new Russian wheat aphid biotype in Colorado.
Cytokinin-containing seaweed and humic acid extracts associated with creeping bentgrass leaf cytokinins and drought resistance.
Biomass and carbon partitioning in switchgrass.
Physiological basis of heterosis for grain yield in maize.
Compatible and counteracting solutes: protecting cells from the Dead Sea to the deep sea.
Climatic and water availability effects on water-use efficiency in wheat.
Physiological recovery of Kentucky bluegrass from simultaneous drought and heat stress.
Response of corn grain yield to spatial and temporal variability in emergence.
QTL analysis of morphological, developmental, and winter hardiness-associated traits in perennial ryegrass.
A heat-sensitive TRP channel expressed in keratinocytes.
Functional annotation of a full-length Arabidopsis cDNA collection.
Role of formins in actin assembly: nucleation and barbed-end association.
An expanding universe of noncoding RNAs.
Modeling the heart--from genes to cells to the whole organ.
A complex with chromatin modifiers that occupies E2F-and Myc-responsive genes in G0 cells.
Stromal effects on mammary gland development and breast cancer.
Rainfall variability, carbon cycling, and plant species diversity in a mesic grassland.
Electron acceleration by a wake field forced by an intense ultrashort laser pulse.
A role for CD40 expression on CD8+ T cells in the generation of CD8+ T cell memory.
Self-assembling cages from coiled-coil peptide modules.
Spreading depression triggers headache by activating neuronal Panx1 channels.
Visualization and quantification of electrochemical and mechanical degradation in Li ion batteries.
Surprising new dengue virus throws a spanner in disease control efforts.
Serial femtosecond crystallography of G proteincoupled receptors.
Quantifying long-term scientific impact.
Lorentz meets Fano in spectral line shapes: a universal phase and its laser control.
Coupling a single trapped atom to a nanoscale optical cavity.
Photoredox activation for the direct -arylation of ketones and aldehydes.
Near-field interference for the unidirectional excitation of electromagnetic guided modes.
How to build a superlens.
A pair of shelled eggs inside a female dinosaur.
Deciphering dengue: the Cuban experience.
Information from seismic noise.
Meteorite phosphates show constant 176Lu decay rate since 4557 million years ago.
No organ left behind: tales of gut development and evolution.
A NEAT way to control weight?.
Evidence for a one-allele assortative mating locus.
An Eocene big bang for bats.
Oxygen ions observed near Saturn's A ring.
Repeated morphological evolution through cis-regulatory changes in a pleiotropic gene.
Climate sensitivity constrained by temperature reconstructions over the past seven centuries.
Introns and the origin of nucleuscytosol compartmentalization.
A genome-wide Drosophila RNAi screen identifies DYRK-family kinases as regulators of NFAT.
Acceleration of Greenland ice mass loss in spring 2004.
Global tests of biodiversity concordance and the importance of endemism.
Editing-defective tRNA synthetase causes protein misfolding and neurodegeneration.
The efficient interaction of indirect reciprocity and costly punishment.
Southern Ocean sea-ice extent, productivity and iron flux over the past eight glacial cycles.
Pheromonal communication in vertebrates.
Mycorrhiza-mediated competition between plants and decomposers drives soil carbon storage.
Three keys to the radiation of angiosperms into freezing environments.
Disease associations between honeybees and bumblebees as a threat to wild pollinators.
The mitochondrial deubiquitinase USP30 opposes parkin-mediated mitophagy.
Alveolar progenitor and stem cells in lung development, renewal and cancer.
Face-to-face transfer of wafer-scale graphene films.
Direct measurement of local oxygen concentration in the bone marrow of live animals.
Mitochondrial form and function.
Three-dimensional structure of human [ggr]-secretase.
Ultraviolet-radiation-induced inflammation promotes angiotropism and metastasis in melanoma.
Lamin a truncation in Hutchinson-Gilford progeria.
A genomic view of the human-Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron symbiosis.
DNA-templated carbon nanotube field-effect transistor.
Transmission dynamics of the etiological agent of SARS in Hong Kong: impact of public health interventions.
The chemical form of mercury in fish.
Privileged chiral catalysts.
Giant magnetic anisotropy of single cobalt atoms and nanoparticles.
An experimental study of search in global social networks.
CB1 cannabinoid receptors and on-demand defense against excitotoxicity.
Au20: A tetrahedral cluster.
Conformity to cultural norms of tool use in chimpanzees.
Chd1 chromodomain links histone H3 methylation with SAGA-and SLIK-dependent acetylation.
The protein kinase A anchoring protein mAKAP coordinates two integrated cAMP effector pathways.
Psoriasis-like skin disease and arthritis caused by inducible epidermal deletion of Jun proteins.
Measurement-induced entanglement for excitation stored in remote atomic ensembles.
Strong present-day aerosol cooling implies a hot future.
A possible unifying principle for mechanosensation.
Optimality and evolutionary tuning of the expression level of a protein.
A role for cell-cycle-regulated histone H3 lysine 56 acetylation in the DNA damage response.
A frequency comb in the extreme ultraviolet.
Disorder-enhanced transport in photonic quasicrystals.
Tenfold population increase in western europe at the neandertaltomodern human transition.
Global tissue revolutions in a morphogenetic movement controlling elongation.
Resilience to blooms.
Images of asteroid 21 Lutetia: a remnant planetesimal from the early solar system.
Integrating what and when across the primate medial temporal lobe.
Polarization of PAR proteins by advective triggering of a pattern-forming system.
Effects of working-memory training on striatal dopamine release.
Computational design of virus-like protein assemblies on carbon nanotube surfaces.
Pelagic fishing at 42,000 years before the present and the maritime skills of modern humans.
PUMA couples the nuclear and cytoplasmic proapoptotic function of p53.
Ubiquitin-binding domains in Y-family polymerases regulate translesion synthesis.
Mechanisms of hair graying: incomplete melanocyte stem cell maintenance in the niche.
Achieving stability of lipopolysaccharide-induced NF-B activation.
Time-domain measurements of nanomagnet dynamics driven by spin-transfer torques.
Stat3 dimerization regulated by reversible acetylation of a single lysine residue.
Service-oriented science.
Functional interaction between -catenin and FOXO in oxidative stress signaling.
Control of excitatory and inhibitory synapse formation by neuroligins.
Super-compressible foamlike carbon nanotube films.
Climate-driven ecosystem succession in the Sahara: the past 6000 years.
A physical map of the 1-gigabase bread wheat chromosome 3B.
A stable silicon (0) compound with a Si= Si double bond.
Leukemic cells create bone marrow niches that disrupt the behavior of normal hematopoietic progenitor cells.
Structures of neutral Au7, Au19, and Au20 clusters in the gas phase.
Political attitudes vary with physiological traits.
Crystal structure of a self-spliced group II intron.
Ages for the Middle Stone Age of southern Africa: implications for human behavior and dispersal.
Fracture propagation to the base of the Greenland Ice Sheet during supraglacial lake drainage.
Orbital identification of carbonate-bearing rocks on Mars.
Earthquakes: the lessons of Tohoku-Oki.
The alignment of molecular cloud magnetic fields with the spiral arms in M33.
Spalt mediates an evolutionarily conserved switch to fibrillar muscle fate in insects.
Flying in a flock comes at a cost in pigeons.
Nowak et al. reply.
[C] China's water crisis needs more than words.
Winter cold of eastern continental boundaries induced by warm ocean waters.
Democratizing clinical research.
Introduction: The prevention agenda.
Structure and mechanism of the Swi2/Snf2 remodeller Mot1 in complex with its substrate TBP.
Extreme TB strain threatens HIV victims worldwide.
Antibiotic faces uncertain future.
Biodiversity data are out of local taxonomists' reach.
Medicine: sleep it off.
Climate change: all in the game.
Climate change: The southnorth connection.
Nanotechnology: How clean is too clean?.
Evolutionary biology: a kingdom revised.
Genomics: predictable packaging.
Visual neuroscience: look and learn.
Neurobiology: a channel sets the gain on pain.
Local switching of two-dimensional superconductivity using the ferroelectric field effect.
Ultrafast superheating and melting of bulk ice.
100-metre-diameter moonlets in Saturn's A ring from observations of 'propeller'structures.
Behavioural ecology: bees associate warmth with floral colour.
Tracking the motion of charges in a terahertz light field by femtosecond X-ray diffraction.
Neurodevelopment: how does the teenage brain work?.
An exceptional Devonian fish from Australia sheds light on tetrapod origins.
Sugar cane and ethanol: Drink the best and drive the rest.
Charon's size and an upper limit on its atmosphere from a stellar occultation.
A low mass for Mars from Jupiter/'s early gas-driven migration.
Somatic retrotransposition alters the genetic landscape of the human brain.
TRIM5 is an innate immune sensor for the retrovirus capsid lattice.
Intravenous gammaglobulin suppresses inflammation through a novel TH2 pathway.
Deep sequencing reveals 50 novel genes for recessive cognitive disorders.
The structural basis of agonist-induced activation in constitutively active rhodopsin.
Sensitivity to antitubulin chemotherapeutics is regulated by MCL1 and FBW7.
Broadband waveguide quantum memory for entangled photons.
Ebola virus entry requires the cholesterol transporter Niemann-Pick C1.
Quantum storage of photonic entanglement in a crystal.
SIRT6 is a histone H3 lysine 9 deacetylase that modulates telomeric chromatin.
Discrete fixed-resolution representations in visual working memory.
The Trichoplax genome and the nature of placozoans.
Oncogenic mutations of ALK kinase in neuroblastoma.
Atmospheric oxidation capacity sustained by a tropical forest.
Innate immunity induced by composition-dependent RIG-I recognition of hepatitis C virus RNA.
Mapping photonic entanglement into and out of a quantum memory.
Neutralizing antibodies derived from the B cells of 1918 influenza pandemic survivors.
Comparative genomics of the neglected human malaria parasite Plasmodium vivax.
Lymphoid tissue genesis induced by commensals through NOD1 regulates intestinal homeostasis.
Theory of mind is independent of episodic memory.
Melatonin suppresses nighttime memory formation in zebrafish.
Modeling the localized-to-itinerant electronic transition in the heavy fermion system CeIrIn5.
Evidence for a late supernova injection of 60Fe into the protoplanetary disk.
Division of labor with a workforce of one: challenges in specifying effector and memory T cell fate.
[C] Searching for a solid-state terahertz technology.
Evolutionary formation of new centromeres in macaque.
NOV (CCN3) functions as a regulator of human hematopoietic stem or progenitor cells.
Cell biology. Cases of mistaken identity.
A genetic variation map for chicken with 2.8 million single-nucleotide polymorphisms.
The native architecture of a photosynthetic membrane.
Coherent spin manipulation without magnetic fields in strained semiconductors.
Structure of a natural guanine-responsive riboswitch complexed with the metabolite hypoxanthine.
A taxaarea relationship for bacteria.
De Broglie wavelength of a non-local four-photon state.
Pack-MULE transposable elements mediate gene evolution in plants.
The decline and fate of an iron-induced subarctic phytoplankton bloom.
OXI1 kinase is necessary for oxidative burst-mediated signalling in Arabidopsis.
The genome of Cryptosporidium hominis.
Carbon nanotubes as nanoscale mass conveyors.
A fossil origin for the magnetic field in A stars and white dwarfs.
Climate change: hot news from summer 2003.
Exceptional astronomical seeing conditions above Dome C in Antarctica.
Immunogenicity of a highly attenuated MVA smallpox vaccine and protection against monkeypox.
Ultrahigh-quality silicon carbide single crystals.
The MAPK Hog1 recruits Rpd3 histone deacetylase to activate osmoresponsive genes.
Activity-dependent homeostatic specification of transmitter expression in embryonic neurons.
Chromatin regulates origin activity in Drosophila follicle cells.
fgf8 mRNA decay establishes a gradient that couples axial elongation to patterning in the vertebrate embryo.
A seven-transmembrane RGS protein that modulates plant cell proliferation.
Preparing protein microarrays by soft-landing of mass-selected ions.
Taming of a poison: biosynthesis of the NiFe-hydrogenase cyanide ligands.
Using 1-Hz GPS data to measure deformations caused by the Denali fault earthquake.
A synthesis of sumanene, a fullerene fragment.
Identified sources and targets of slow inhibition in the neocortex.
The cellular and molecular origins of beak morphology.
The Prp19p-associated complex in spliceosome activation.
The Rodinia jigsaw puzzle.
Evidence for selective advantage of pathogenic FGFR2 mutations in the male germ line.
Calendars with Olympiad display and eclipse prediction on the Antikythera Mechanism.
Regenerative medicine and human models of human disease.
DNA double-strand breaks activate a multi-functional genetic program in developing lymphocytes.
Water vapour jets inside the plume of gas leaving Enceladus.
Simultaneous teleseismic and geodetic observations of the stickslip motion of an Antarctic ice stream.
Low-speed fracture instabilities in a brittle crystal.
Drosophila Pgc protein inhibits P-TEFb recruitment to chromatin in primordial germ cells.
Conformational changes in an ultrafast light-driven enzyme determine catalytic activity.
Unlocking the mysteries of the ice ages.
The characteristic blue spectra of accretion disks in quasars as uncovered in the infrared.
Demographic compensation and tipping points in climate-induced range shifts.
A role for host-parasite interactions in the horizontal transfer of transposons across phyla.
Crystal structure of DNA-PKcs reveals a large open-ring cradle comprised of HEAT repeats.
Umpolung reactivity in amide and peptide synthesis.
Native GABAB receptors are heteromultimers with a family of auxiliary subunits.
Analysis of Drosophila TRPA1 reveals an ancient origin for human chemical nociception.
ON and OFF pathways in Drosophila motion vision.
Structure and control of the actin regulatory WAVE complex.
Water and its influence on the lithosphere-asthenosphere boundary.
The folding cooperativity of a protein is controlled by its chain topology.
Endothelial-cell FAK targeting sensitizes tumours to DNA-damaging therapy.
Crystal structure of the PRC1 ubiquitylation module bound to the nucleosome.
Disclinations provide the missing mechanism for deforming olivine-rich rocks in the mantle.
Quantum tomography of an electron.
Structure of the immature HIV-1 capsid in intact virus particles at 8.8 A resolution.
A primitive fish from the Cambrian of North America.
Piezo2 is the major transducer of mechanical forces for touch sensation in mice.
Drug development: time for teamwork.
Structural basis for the inhibition of the eukaryotic ribosome.
Crystal structures of the Lsm complex bound to the 3 [prime] end sequence of U6 small nuclear RNA.
Regenerative medicine: DIY eye.
Organic chemistry: A radical approach to diversity.
Animal models: Towards a myeloma mouse.
Technology: Charging towards the superbattery.
Local benefits: The seeds of an economy.
A lesson in sharing.
Environmental dynamics: Simplicity versus complexity.
Population mapping of poor countries.
A spot of trouble.
Network resets in medial prefrontal cortex mark the onset of behavioral uncertainty.
Cuckoos combat socially transmitted defenses of reed warbler hosts with a plumage polymorphism.
The ultimate genetic test.
Randomized government safety inspections reduce worker injuries with no detectable job loss.
New cystic fibrosis drug offers hope, at a price.
Equilibrative nucleoside transporter 3 deficiency perturbs lysosome function and macrophage homeostasis.
Physico-genetic determinants in the evolution of development.
PrP antibodies do not trigger mouse hippocampal neuron apoptosis.
Sombrero uplift above the Altiplano-Puna magma body: Evidence of a ballooning mid-crustal diapir.
Epigenetic islands in a genetic ocean.
Elfn1 regulates target-specific release probability at CA1-interneuron synapses.
Cancer prevention with a diabetes pill?.
The fission yeast FANCM ortholog directs non-crossover recombination during meiosis.
Comment on Climatic niche shifts are rare among terrestrial plant invaders.
Reversible reduction of oxygen to peroxide facilitated by molecular recognition.
Founder effects persist despite adaptive differentiation: a field experiment with lizards.
Algae under pressure and in hot water.
Neurexin and neuroligin mediate retrograde synaptic inhibition in C. elegans.
Field research on bees raises concern about low-dose pesticides.
Higgs boson makes its debut after decades-long search.
Embryonic stem cells use ZFP809 to silence retroviral DNAs.
Overshoot, adapt and recover.
Imaging chromophores with undetectable fluorescence by stimulated emission microscopy.
Artificial nanopores that mimic the transport selectivity of the nuclear pore complex.
The neural basis of Drosophila gravity-sensing and hearing.
PEP1 regulates perennial flowering in Arabis alpina.
The global distribution of pure anorthosite on the Moon.
Atmospheric carbon dioxide through the EoceneOligocene climate transition.
Catastrophic flood of the Mediterranean after the Messinian salinity crisis.
The cluster Terzan 5 as a remnant of a primordial building block of the Galactic bulge.
Monitoring EU emerging infectious disease risk due to climate change.
Spin-down of radio millisecond pulsars at genesis.
Beyond oil and waterphase transitions in cells.
Rescued tolerant CD8 T cells are preprogrammed to reestablish the tolerant state.
Electrical Wind ForceDriven and Dislocation-Templated Amorphization in Phase-Change Nanowires.
Whole-genome sequencing: the new standard of care.
Manganese blocks intracellular trafficking of Shiga toxin and protects against Shiga toxicosis.
B cell receptor signal transduction in the GC is short-circuited by high phosphatase activity.
Enantioselective Heck arylations of acyclic alkenyl alcohols using a redox-relay strategy.
Generation of leaf shape through early patterns of growth and tissue polarity.
Tracking the rupture of the Mw &equals; 9.3 Sumatra earthquake over 1,150 km at teleseismic distance.
The effect of migration on local adaptation in a coevolving hostparasite system.
Structural characterization of the molecular platform for type III secretion system assembly.
Organic chemistry: fast reactions 'on water'.
Gene therapy put on hold as third child develops cancer.
Nanoarchaeum equitans creates functional tRNAs from separate genes for their 5-and 3-halves.
An expanding radio nebula produced by a giant flare from the magnetar SGR 180620.
Field evidence for surface-wave-induced instability of sand dunes.
Vitamin C degradation in plant cells via enzymatic hydrolysis of 4-O-oxalyl-L-threonate.
Structure of the CED-4CED-9 complex provides insights into programmed cell death in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Comparison of population coherence of place cells in hippocampal subfields CA1 and CA3.
Splicing of oskar RNA in the nucleus is coupled to its cytoplasmic localization.
Context-dependent autonomous self-fertilization yields reproductive assurance and mixed mating.
Phylogenetic constraints and adaptation explain food-web structure.
The interface between silicon and a high-k oxide.
Mechanotransduction through growth-factor shedding into the extracellular space.
Stem cells: lost in translation.
Fbxw7/Cdc4 is a p53-dependent, haploinsufficient tumour suppressor gene.
Conceptual precursors to language.
A supernova origin for dust in a high-redshift quasar.
Circulating breast tumor cells exhibit dynamic changes in epithelial and mesenchymal composition.
Pluripotent stem cells induced from mouse somatic cells by small-molecule compounds.
Experimental observation of the quantum anomalous Hall effect in a magnetic topological insulator.
InP nanowire array solar cells achieving 13.8% efficiency by exceeding the ray optics limit.
Liquid exfoliation of layered materials.
Gut microbiota from twins discordant for obesity modulate metabolism in mice.
The microbial metabolites, short-chain fatty acids, regulate colonic Treg cell homeostasis.
Highly recurrent TERT promoter mutations in human melanoma.
Strong light-matter interactions in heterostructures of atomically thin films.
Wild pollinators enhance fruit set of crops regardless of honey bee abundance.
Cancer: immune pact with the enemy.
Evolutionary genetics: making the most of redundancy.
[C] Pluripotency of mesenchymal stem cells derived from adult marrow.
Epigenetics: reversing the'irreversible'.
Chemical biology: ignore the nonsense.
Climate change 2007: What we don't know about climate change.
Cancer: micromanagement of metastasis.
Animal behaviour: Planning for breakfast.
Stem cells: blood lines from embryo to adult.
Receptor binding by an H7N9 influenza virus from humans.
Inferring ancient divergences requires genes with strong phylogenetic signals.
A rapidly spinning supermassive black hole at the centre of NGC [thinsp] 1365.
Microbiota restricts trafficking of bacteria to mesenteric lymph nodes by CX3CR1hi cells.
X-ray analysis on the nanogram to microgram scale using porous complexes.
SIRT6 regulates TNF-[agr] secretion through hydrolysis of long-chain fatty acyl lysine.
A systematic genome-wide analysis of zebrafish protein-coding gene function.
PKM-[zgr] is not required for hippocampal synaptic plasticity, learning and memory.
FOXO3A directs a protective autophagy program in haematopoietic stem cells.
Distinct extended amygdala circuits for divergent motivational states.
High-resolution view of the yeast meiotic program revealed by ribosome profiling.
Ohm's law survives to the atomic scale.
Identification of the social and cognitive processes underlying human cumulative culture.
Quantum information storage for over 180 s using donor spins in a 28Si semiconductor vacuum.
Next-generation digital information storage in DNA.
IRE1 cleaves select microRNAs during ER stress to derepress translation of proapoptotic Caspase-2.
Fermentation, hydrogen, and sulfur metabolism in multiple uncultivated bacterial phyla.
Awake hippocampal sharp-wave ripples support spatial memory.
Kepler-47: a transiting circumbinary multiplanet system.
Making the Moon from a fast-spinning Earth: a giant impact followed by resonant despinning.
NRC panel pokes holes in Everglades scheme.
Finally, a Handle on the Hantaviruses.
Toward attosecond pulses.
SatineCatharticsas Additive.
Recognition of Cognate Transfer RNA by the 30.
Mario Nosotti, MD Matilde De Simone, MD, PhD Ugo Cioffi, MD, PhD Department of Surgery Fondazione IRCCS Ospedale Maggiore Policlinico.
Relevant Chemistry.
Unequal distribution of sugar and starch contents within Japanese.
The Cbl family: ubiquitin ligases regulating signaling by tyrosine kinases.
Surface plasmon subwavelength optics.
Mass spectrometry-based proteomics.
A globally coherent fingerprint of climate change impacts across natural systems.
Reticular synthesis and the design of new materials.
The nuclear RNase III Drosha initiates microRNA processing.
The international HapMap project.
Osteoclast differentiation and activation.
Smad-dependent and Smad-independent pathways in TGF- family signalling.
Fingerprints of global warming on wild animals and plants.
Global analysis of protein localization in budding yeast.
Ecological role of purple sea urchins.
Direct demonstration of an adaptive constraint.
Enceladus: cosmic gymnast, volatile miniworld.
Comment on" Heterogeneous Hadean Hafnium: Evidence of Continental Crust at 4.4 to 4.5 Ga".
Comment on" HST2 mediates SIR2-independent life-span extension by calorie restriction".
A linear homocatenated compound containing six indium centers.
Amphiregulin, a TH2 cytokine enhancing resistance to nematodes.
Discovery of a young planetary-mass binary.
Trisomy represses ApcMin-mediated tumours in mouse models of Down's syndrome.
MicroRNA-10b and breast cancer metastasis.
Arc-parallel flow in the mantle wedge beneath Costa Rica and Nicaragua.
Preseismic velocity changes observed from active source monitoring at the Parkfield SAFOD drill site.
Being human: Religion: bound to believe?.
Pleiotropic scaling of gene effects and the 'cost of complexity'.
The role of the orbitofrontal cortex in the pursuit of happiness and more specific rewards.
Malaria research in the post-genomic era.
Mega-impact formation of the Mars hemispheric dichotomy.
Incorporation of a non-human glycan mediates human susceptibility to a bacterial toxin.
Diversity and endemism of the benthic seamount fauna in the southwest Pacific.
Mice overexpressing human uncoupling protein-3 in skeletal muscle are hyperphagic and lean.
A single-photon detector in the far-infrared range.
Induction of visual orientation modules in auditory cortex.
Blocker protection in the pore of a voltage-gated K+ channel and its structural implications.
Glycosyltransferase activity of Fringe modulates Notch-Delta interactions.
Direct measurement of hole transport dynamics in DNA.
Low fidelity DNA synthesis by human DNA polymerase-.
Subduction erosion along the Middle America convergent margin.
Functional link of BRCA1 and ataxia telangiectasia gene product in DNA damage response.
Late middle Eocene epoch of Libya yields earliest known radiation of African anthropoids.
[C] Airport security: intent to deceive?.
Cell biology: how cilia beat.
A Late Cretaceous ceratopsian dinosaur from Europe with Asian affinities.
Water resources: beyond infrastructure.
Oceanography: Century of phytoplankton change.
Tidal dissipation and the strength of the Earth/'s internal magnetic field.
Materials chemistry: controlled nanotube reactions.
Physical chemistry: Seaming is believing.
Stem cells: Big roles for small RNAs.
Foxp3 is required throughout the life of a regulatory T cell.
Sequestration and segregation of receptor kinases in epithelial cells: implications for ErbB2 oncogenesis.
Molecular Scaffolds Regulate Bidirectional Crosstalk Between Wnt and Classical Seven-Transmembrane Domain Receptor Signaling Pathways.
Neuronal polarity and the kinesin superfamily proteins.
Hedgehog signaling pathway.
Regeneration in liver and pancreas: time to cut the umbilical cord?.
Cytokinin signaling pathway.
Image correlation spectroscopy.
Remote sensing applications: An overview.
Are nitrate concentrations in leafy vegetables within safe limits?.
Obesity in the new millennium.
ATM phosphorylates p95/nbs1 in an S-phase checkpoint pathway.
Silberblick/Wnt11 mediates convergent extension movements during zebrafish gastrulation.
Evidence that decomposition rates of organic carbon in mineral soil do not vary with temperature.
Measurement of the quantum of thermal conductance.
Improved estimates of global ocean circulation, heat transport and mixing from hydrographic data.
The age of cancer.
Tat-specific cytotoxic T lymphocytes select for SIV escape variants during resolution of primary viraemia.
SLAM (CDw150) is a cellular receptor for measles virus.
Sintering dense nanocrystalline ceramics without final-stage grain growth.
Ultrafast electron dynamics in phenylalanine initiated by attosecond pulses.
Applying evolutionary biology to address global challenges.
Testing new Ebola tests.
Late Pleistocene human skeleton and mtDNA link Paleoamericans and modern Native Americans.
Observation of Fermi surface deformation in a dipolar quantum gas.
Metal-organic framework nanosheets as building blocks for molecular sieving membranes.
Two-dimensional Fermi surfaces in Kondo insulator SmB6.
Fermi establishes classical novae as a distinct class of gamma-ray sources.
Perception of root-derived peptides by shoot LRR-RKs mediates systemic N-demand signaling.
Ebola vaccine trials raise ethical issues.
Spreading continents kick-started plate tectonics.
Allosteric activation of the RNF146 ubiquitin ligase by a poly (ADP-ribosyl) ation signal.
Psychosocial models: Focus on positive features of ageing.
Metastasis-suppressor transcript destabilization through TARBP2 binding of mRNA hairpins.
Rechargeables: Vanadium batteries will be cost-effective.
China: Open access to Earth land-cover map.
Teaching: China is closing its rural education gap.
Crystallography: Sources of inspiration.
Dietary specializations and diversity in feeding ecology of the earliest stem mammals.
Immunotherapy: Chemical tricks.
New cell lines from mouse epiblast share defining features with human embryonic stem cells.
Atomic structures of amyloid cross-&bgr; spines reveal varied steric zippers.
Replicating genotypephenotype associations.
Small molecule activators of SIRT1 as therapeutics for the treatment of type 2 diabetes.
The inhibitory cytokine IL-35 contributes to regulatory T-cell function.
Reaching for high-hanging fruit in drug discovery at proteinprotein interfaces.
Genome-wide analysis of genetic alterations in acute lymphoblastic leukaemia.
DAI (DLM-1/ZBP1) is a cytosolic DNA sensor and an activator of innate immune response.
Production of dimethylfuran for liquid fuels from biomass-derived carbohydrates.
Quantifying social group evolution.
Demographic variability, vaccination, and the spatiotemporal dynamics of rotavirus epidemics.
IRAP identifies an endosomal compartment required for MHC class I cross-presentation.
Structures and spectral variations of the outer heliosphere in IBEX energetic neutral atom maps.
The evolution of Mercury's crust: A global perspective from MESSENGER.
Dependence of mouse embryonic stem cells on threonine catabolism.
Chemically accurate simulation of a prototypical surface reaction: H2 dissociation on Cu (111).
High-temperature superconductivity in a single copper-oxygen plane.
Helical nanofilament phases.
Emulation of a quantum spin with a superconducting phase qudit.
Online education today.
Time to ditch Kyoto.
Concern as revived 1918 flu virus kills monkeys.
Drosophila TCTP is essential for growth and proliferation through regulation of dRheb GTPase.
Implications of new early Homo fossils from Ileret, east of Lake Turkana, Kenya.
The effect of ancient population bottlenecks on human phenotypic variation.
The effects of molecular noise and size control on variability in the budding yeast cell cycle.
A prokaryotic proton-gated ion channel from the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor family.
Structure-based activity prediction for an enzyme of unknown function.
Biology's next revolution.
Grassland species loss resulting from reduced niche dimension.
Land management: Forests, fires and climate.
Land remediation: Borneo is burning.
Eocene evolution of whale hearing.
Genome-wide phenotype analysis in ES cells by regulated disruption of Bloom's syndrome gene.
Cladogenesis and morphological diversification in passerine birds.
Turning down, but not off.
Medicine: K is for koagulation.
Rice cultivation: Feast or famine?.
Palaeontology: pterosaur embryo from the Early Cretaceous.
Biomechanics: Hydrodynamic function of the shark's tail.
Geology: Parsing eruptions.
HSP70 sequestration by free [agr]-globin promotes ineffective erythropoiesis in [bgr]-thalassaemia.
Multiplex single-molecule interaction profiling of DNA-barcoded proteins.
Gene therapy: Repair and replace.
Neuroscience: Updating views of visual updating.
Inhibition of demethylases by GSK-J1/J4.
Quantum computing: Powered by magic.
Transgenic crops: Mexican GM maize rift is not so simple.
BRAIN initiative: Brain secrets cheap at twice the price.
Military science: The evolving science of war.
Ploughing the deep sea floor.
Conditional modulation of spike-timing-dependent plasticity for olfactory learning.
An early and enduring advanced technology originating 71,000 years ago in South Africa.
Live imaging of stem cell and progeny behaviour in physiological hair-follicle regeneration.
Ventral tegmental area GABA projections pause accumbal cholinergic interneurons to enhance associative learning.
Flickering gives early warning signals of a critical transition to a eutrophic lake state.
A spectrograph for exoplanet observations calibrated at the centimetre-per-second level.
Synthetic homeostatic materials with chemo-mechano-chemical self-regulation.
[agr] 2 [dgr] expression sets presynaptic calcium channel abundance and release probability.
Severe stress switches CRF action in the nucleus accumbens from appetitive to aversive.
High-speed graphene transistors with a self-aligned nanowire gate.
Systematic sequencing of renal carcinoma reveals inactivation of histone modifying genes.
The patterns and dynamics of genomic instability in metastatic pancreatic cancer.
Foot strike patterns and collision forces in habitually barefoot versus shod runners.
Glial and neuronal control of brain blood flow.
The impacts of climate change on water resources and agriculture in China.
Pericytes regulate the blood-brain barrier.
Impaired hydroxylation of 5-methylcytosine in myeloid cancers with mutant TET2.
An interferon-inducible neutrophil-driven blood transcriptional signature in human tuberculosis.
The primary transcriptome of the major human pathogen Helicobacter pylori.
Superconductivity gets an iron boost.
Molecular mechanism of multivesicular body biogenesis by ESCRT complexes.
Laser cooling of a diatomic molecule.
Tunable polymer multi-shape memory effect.
Myelination and support of axonal integrity by glia.
JARID2 regulates binding of the Polycomb repressive complex 2 to target genes in ES cells.
Electron localization following attosecond molecular photoionization.
Dislocation nucleation governed softening and maximum strength in nano-twinned metals.
A new highly penetrant form of obesity due to deletions on chromosome 16p11. 2.
Variability in gene expression underlies incomplete penetrance.
Detecting resonances.
Neurons in monkey prefrontal cortex that track past or predict future performance.
Evidence for a low-density universe from the relative velocities of galaxies.
The business of stem cells.
Technique for enhanced rare earth separation.
How pollution suppresses rain.
Can protected areas be expanded in Africa?.
Aging, chromatin, and food restriction--connecting the dots.
Deconstructing myotonic dystrophy.
Propagation of seismic ground motion in the Kanto basin, Japan.
The origin of protein interactions and allostery in colocalization.
Glycosphingolipid synthesis requires FAPP2 transfer of glucosylceramide.
A twenty-first century science.
The structural basis of yeast prion strain variants.
Importance of rain evaporation and continental convection in the tropical water cycle.
Light stimulates growth of proteorhodopsin-containing marine Flavobacteria.
A bacterial E3 ubiquitin ligase targets a host protein kinase to disrupt plant immunity.
Positive feedbacks promote power-law clustering of Kalahari vegetation.
Behavioural report of single neuron stimulation in somatosensory cortex.
Crystal structure of the plasma membrane proton pump.
Widespread increase of tree mortality rates in the western United States.
Graphene at the edge: stability and dynamics.
Topographical and temporal diversity of the human skin microbiome.
Optical deconstruction of parkinsonian neural circuitry.
MicroRNA-92a controls angiogenesis and functional recovery of ischemic tissues in mice.
Actin, a central player in cell shape and movement.
Amine scrubbing for CO2 capture.
RIP3, an energy metabolism regulator that switches TNF-induced cell death from apoptosis to necrosis.
The genetic structure and history of Africans and African Americans.
Global signatures and dynamical origins of the Little Ice Age and Medieval Climate Anomaly.
Protein-protein interactions: Interactome under construction.
Increase in African dust flux at the onset of commercial agriculture in the Sahel region.
Lessons from the Haiti earthquake.
Rise and fall of political complexity in island South-East Asia and the Pacific.
Seismic evidence for widespread western-US deep-crustal deformation caused by extension.
Convergent evolution of chicken Z and human X chromosomes by expansion and gene acquisition.
Seismic and aseismic slip on the Central Peru megathrust.
Formate-driven growth coupled with H2 production.
Allelic variation in a fatty-acyl reductase gene causes divergence in moth sex pheromones.
Crystal structure of bacterial RNA polymerase bound with a transcription inhibitor protein.
New flutes document the earliest musical tradition in southwestern Germany.
Synthesis at the molecular frontier.
Unlocking the molecular secrets of sodium-coupled transporters.
Liquid water on Enceladus from observations of ammonia and 40Ar in the plume.
A single-molecule optical transistor.
Molecular basis of transport and regulation in the Na+/betaine symporter BetP.
Population context determines cell-to-cell variability in endocytosis and virus infection.
Hidden alternative structures of proline isomerase essential for catalysis.
Magnetic assembly of colloidal superstructures with multipole symmetry.
The importance of niches for the maintenance of species diversity.
Dimers of the N-terminal domain of phytochrome B are functional in the nucleus.
Environmentally mediated synergy between perception and behaviour in mobile robots.
Deciphering skeletal patterning: clues from the limb.
Experimental extraction of an entangled photon pair from two identically decohered pairs.
APL regulates vascular tissue identity in Arabidopsis.
Haem can bind to and inhibit mammalian calcium-dependent Slo1 BK channels.
A camelid antibody fragment inhibits the formation of amyloid fibrils by human lysozyme.
Niche lability in the evolution of a Caribbean lizard community.
WAVE2 is required for directed cell migration and cardiovascular development.
Avian metabolism: costs of migration in free-flying songbirds.
A calcium sensor in the sodium channel modulates cardiac excitability.
The Plasmodium genome database.
Direct detection of variable tropospheric clouds near Titan's south pole.
RanGAP mediates GTP hydrolysis without an arginine finger.
Lamellar magnetism in the haematiteilmenite series as an explanation for strong remanent magnetization.
Antagonistic pathways in neurons exposed to body fluid regulate social feeding in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Obesity: keeping hunger at bay.
Bacteriophytochrome controls photosystem synthesis in anoxygenic bacteria.
The present and future of the international wine industry.
A basal troodontid from the Early Cretaceous of China.
Magnetic field-induced superconductivity in the ferromagnet URhGe.
New perspectives on ancient Mars.
The onset of planet formation in brown dwarf disks.
A giant impact origin of Pluto-Charon.
Cryo-electron tomography reveals the cytoskeletal structure of Spiroplasma melliferum.
The enigma of prokaryotic life in deep hypersaline anoxic basins.
Structural evidence for a two-metal-ion mechanism of group I intron splicing.
PERIOD1-associated proteins modulate the negative limb of the mammalian circadian oscillator.
Nicotinic acid limitation regulates silencing of Candida adhesins during UTI.
Human symbionts use a host-like pathway for surface fucosylation.
Radionuclide contamination: Nanometre-size products of uranium bioreduction.
Evidence from the AD 2000 Izu islands earthquake swarm that stressing rate governs seismicity.
Role for Slimb in the degradation of Drosophila Period protein phosphorylated by Doubletime.
Stress response genes protect against lethal effects of sleep deprivation in Drosophila.
Rapid regulation of steroidogenesis by mitochondrial protein import.
Structure of the inositol 1, 4, 5-trisphosphate receptor binding core in complex with its ligand.
Inter-receptor communication through arrays of bacterial chemoreceptors.
Mycorrhizal weathering of apatite as an important calcium source in base-poor forest ecosystems.
Phylogeny: a non-hyperthermophilic ancestor for bacteria.
Tristable nematic liquid-crystal device using micropatterned surface alignment.
The 160-kilobase genome of the bacterial endosymbiont Carsonella.
A single amino acid mutation contributes to adaptive beach mouse color pattern.
Selective silencing of foreign DNA with low GC content by the H-NS protein in Salmonella.
Mineralogy and petrology of comet 81P/Wild 2 nucleus samples.
Microfluidic digital PCR enables multigene analysis of individual environmental bacteria.
ENSO as an integrating concept in earth science.
The late Miocene radiation of modern Felidae: a genetic assessment.
Selective etching of metallic carbon nanotubes by gas-phase reaction.
Selective stimulation of T cell subsets with antibody-cytokine immune complexes.
Yersinia YopJ acetylates and inhibits kinase activation by blocking phosphorylation.
A Rad26Def1 complex coordinates repair and RNA pol II proteolysis in response to DNA damage.
Ecosystem consequences of species richness and composition in pond food webs.
Sequence and analysis of chromosome 2 of Dictyostelium discoideum.
Identification of genes expressed in C. elegans touch receptor neurons.
Helper T cells regulate type-2 innate immunity in vivo.
Visual predators select for crypticity and polymorphism in virtual prey.
Formation of Kuiper-belt binaries by dynamical friction and three-body encounters.
Ferromagnetism of a graphite nodule from the Canyon Diablo meteorite.
Structural cell biology: Rapid renewal of auditory hair bundles.
A palaeontological solution to the arthropod head problem.
Shape-changing magnetic assemblies as high-sensitivity NMR-readable nanoprobes.
The Paf1 complex represses small-RNA-mediated epigenetic gene silencing.
[C] Meet our prime pollinators.
Solar System: An incredible likeness of being.
Repeated ERendosome contacts promote endosome translocation and neurite outgrowth.
Cancer: Opening LOX to metastasis.
A possible close supermassive black-hole binary in a quasar with optical periodicity.
 .
Orientation-specific joining of AID-initiated DNA breaks promotes antibody class switching.
Anthropogenic greenhouse gas contribution to flood risk in England and Wales in autumn 2000.
The ageing systemic milieu negatively regulates neurogenesis and cognitive function.
The NLRC4 inflammasome receptors for bacterial flagellin and type III secretion apparatus.
Fungal lipochitooligosaccharide symbiotic signals in arbuscular mycorrhiza.
Induction of functional hepatocyte-like cells from mouse fibroblasts by defined factors.
Absence of effects of Sir2 overexpression on lifespan in C. elegans and Drosophila.
Structure of HIV-1 gp120 V1/V2 domain with broadly neutralizing antibody PG9.
CTCF-promoted RNA polymerase II pausing links DNA methylation to splicing.
[agr]-Synuclein occurs physiologically as a helically folded tetramer that resists aggregation.
Telomerase reactivation reverses tissue degeneration in aged telomerase-deficient mice.
Evidence for obliquity forcing of glacial termination II.
Daily electrical silencing in the mammalian circadian clock.
Molecular and cellular approaches to memory allocation in neural circuits.
Ventral tegmental area BDNF induces an opiate-dependentlike reward state in nave rats.
A polymorphism in npr-1 is a behavioral determinant of pathogen susceptibility in C. elegans.
Running droplets of gallium from evaporation of gallium arsenide.
Apicomplexan parasites co-opt host calpains to facilitate their escape from infected cells.
Tuned for transposition: molecular determinants underlying the hyperactivity of a Stowaway MITE.
Detection of high-energy gamma-ray emission from the globular cluster 47 Tucanae with Fermi.
Repurposing with a difference.
Strain-induced pseudomagnetic fields greater than 300 tesla in graphene nanobubbles.
Isoprenoid pathway optimization for Taxol precursor overproduction in Escherichia coli.
Genome-wide evolutionary analysis of eukaryotic DNA methylation.
Prediction of individual brain maturity using fMRI.
Tissue-engineered lungs for in vivo implantation.
Sea-level rise and its impact on coastal zones.
Terrestrial gross carbon dioxide uptake: global distribution and covariation with climate.
MiR-33 contributes to the regulation of cholesterol homeostasis.
Identification of functional elements and regulatory circuits by Drosophila modENCODE.
Scenarios for global biodiversity in the 21st century.
A targeting motif involved in sodium channel clustering at the axonal initial segment.
Tubular graphite cones.
A reservoir of nitrate beneath desert soils.
AB cell-based sensor for rapid identification of pathogens.
Giant supramolecular liquid crystal lattice.
Observation of polymer conformation hysteresis in extensional flow.
Timing of atmospheric CO2 and Antarctic temperature changes across Termination III.
Phylogenomics: intersection of evolution and genomics.
Evidence for ozone formation in human atherosclerotic arteries.
Self-organization of sorted patterned ground.
Oxygen sensation and social feeding mediated by a C. elegans guanylate cyclase homologue.
The impact of humidity above stratiform clouds on indirect aerosol climate forcing.
Predator diversity dampens trophic cascades.
The structure of the high-energy spin excitations in a high-transition-temperature superconductor.
Evidence for ecology's role in speciation.
Cavity cooling of a single atom.
Morning and evening peaks of activity rely on different clock neurons of the Drosophila brain.
Dynamic control of positional information in the early Drosophila embryo.
Whole-lake carbon-13 additions reveal terrestrial support of aquatic food webs.
Degradation of the SCF component Skp2 in cell-cycle phase G1 by the anaphase-promoting complex.
FDA races in wrong direction.
Resistance to enediyne antitumor antibiotics by CalC self-sacrifice.
Synthesis of carbenes through substitution reactions at a carbene center.
Liver regeneration clocks on.
Educating future scientists.
Clues to the animal origins of SARS.
Lipid-like material as the source of the uncharacterized organic carbon in the ocean?.
Throwing light on dark energy.
Response to Comment on" Global Biodiversity, Biochemical Kinetics, and the Energetic-Equivalence Rule".
A draft sequence of the rice genome (Oryza sativa L. ssp. japonica).
Hierarchical organization of modularity in metabolic networks.
Molecular chaperones in the cytosol: from nascent chain to folded protein.
A draft sequence of the rice genome (Oryza sativa L. ssp. indica).
In vivo imaging of quantum dots encapsulated in phospholipid micelles.
Structure-assigned optical spectra of single-walled carbon nanotubes.
Nanoparticles with Raman spectroscopic fingerprints for DNA and RNA detection.
Alzheimer's disease is a synaptic failure.
Chaotic mixer for microchannels.
Polymer vesicles.
DAF-16 target genes that control C. elegans life-span and metabolism.
Yeast cells provide insight into alpha-synuclein biology and pathobiology.
Molecular memories that survive silicon device processing and real-world operation.
Pregnancy-stimulated neurogenesis in the adult female forebrain mediated by prolactin.
A muscleblind knockout model for myotonic dystrophy.
Activation of lysosomal function during dendritic cell maturation.
Preparation of a pure molecular quantum gas.
Asymmetric inheritance of oxidatively damaged proteins during cytokinesis.
Self-aligned, vertical-channel, polymer field-effect transistors.
A modular PIP2 binding site as a determinant of capsaicin receptor sensitivity.
A magnetically focused molecular beam of ortho-water.
Moving toward global science.
Coexisting with cattle.
Getting a better estimate of an atmospheric radical.
Are more people necessarily a problem.
Empathy and the laws of affect.
Sensing ER stress.
Google Books, Wikipedia, and the future of culturomics.
CRASY: mass-or electron-correlated rotational alignment spectroscopy.
Searching for the Google effect on people's memory.
Slowing Amazon deforestation through public policy and interventions in beef and soy supply chains.
Varying planetary heat sink led to global-warming slowdown and acceleration.
Prevention of muscular dystrophy in mice by CRISPR/Cas9mediated editing of germline DNA.
Greater sensitivity to drought accompanies maize yield increase in the US Midwest.
Classification of interacting electronic topological insulators in three dimensions.
Heteroepitaxial growth of two-dimensional hexagonal boron nitride templated by graphene edges.
Mapping the epigenetic basis of complex traits.
Quantum plasmon resonances controlled by molecular tunnel junctions.
Merging photoredox with nickel catalysis: Coupling of -carboxyl sp3-carbons with aryl halides.
Coherent ultrafast charge transfer in an organic photovoltaic blend.
Perspective: prevention is better than cure.
Research in a war zone.
Dengue fever: Mosquitoes attacked from within.
Synthetic biology: Division of logic labour.
Dam not sole cause of Chinese drought.
Forum Optics: Perfect lenses in focus.
Earthquakes: a Chilean surprise.
Hidden depths.
Tumorigenesis: Testing ground for cancer stem cells.
[C] Giant shock rattles ideas about quake behaviour..
Activating positive memory engrams suppresses depression-like behaviour.
Architecture and conformational switch mechanism of the ryanodine receptor.
Necroptosis and its role in inflammation.
Modulation of the proteoglycan receptor PTP [sgr] promotes recovery after spinal cord injury.
A spin-down clock for cool stars from observations of a 2.5-billion-year-old cluster.
Resonant interactions and chaotic rotation of Pluto/'s small moons.
AAV-expressed eCD4-Ig provides durable protection from multiple SHIV challenges.
Multiple complexation of CO and related ligands to a main-group element.
Mammalian polymerase [thgr] promotes alternative NHEJ and suppresses recombination.
The mass of the Mars-sized exoplanet Kepler-138 b from transit timing.
Nanomole-scale high-throughput chemistry for the synthesis of complex molecules.
Evidence for mature bulges and an inside-out quenching phase 3 billion years after the Big Bang.
CTCF establishes discrete functional chromatin domains at the Hox clusters during differentiation.
Targeting DnaN for tuberculosis therapy using novel griselimycins.
On the endogeneity of political preferences: Evidence from individual experience with democracy.
Boreal forest health and global change.
An enduring catalyst built from carbon.
Spatially resolved, highly multiplexed RNA profiling in single cells.
Magnetic resonance of myelin, myelination and myelin disorders.
Recent ice-sheet growth in the interior of Greenland.
Activation of a phytopathogenic bacterial effector protein by a eukaryotic cyclophilin.
Chromosome alignment and segregation regulated by ubiquitination of survivin.
IP3 receptor types 2 and 3 mediate exocrine secretion underlying energy metabolism.
Xanthorhodopsin: a proton pump with a light-harvesting carotenoid antenna.
Nanoantennas for light emission.
A crossover in the mechanical response of nanocrystalline ceramics.
RNA-dependent cysteine biosynthesis in archaea.
Health innovation networks to help developing countries address neglected diseases.
Challenges and opportunities for development of an AIDS vaccine.
Delayed triggering of the 1999 Hector Mine earthquake by viscoelastic stress transfer.
Structural determinants for regulation of phosphodiesterase by a G protein at 2.0 .
Evidence for non-selective preservation of organic matter in sinking marine particles.
Removal of chlorofluorocarbons by increased mass exchange between the stratosphere and troposphere in a changing climate.
Earthquake triggering by seismic waves following the Landers and Hector Mine earthquakes.
Oceanography: Sea snow microcosms.
Light emission: A temperature-tunable random laser.
Observation of orbital waves as elementary excitations in a solid.
The structural basis of Arfaptin-mediated cross-talk between Rac and Arf signalling pathways.
Structural and functional partitioning of bread wheat chromosome 3B.
Stick insect genomes reveal natural selection's role in parallel speciation.
GRB 130427A: A nearby ordinary monster.
Sharp increase in central Oklahoma seismicity since 2008 induced by massive wastewater injection.
Mitosis inhibits DNA double-strand break repair to guard against telomere fusions.
A mid-term analysis of progress toward international biodiversity targets.
Interfacial microfluidic processing of metal-organic framework hollow fiber membranes.
In situ radiometric and exposure age dating of the Martian surface.
Temporal constraints on hydrate-controlled methane seepage off Svalbard.
Single -actin mRNA detection in neurons reveals a mechanism for regulating its translatability.
Crystal structure of plant photosystem I.
Turning on and off recurrent balanced cortical activity.
Detrimental effects of sanctions on human altruism.
Language-tree divergence times support the Anatolian theory of Indo-European origin.
Molecular machinery for non-vesicular trafficking of ceramide.
Trans-synaptic shift in anion gradient in spinal lamina I neurons as a mechanism of neuropathic pain.
Atomic-force microscopy: rhodopsin dimers in native disc membranes.
Therapeutic approaches to protein-misfolding diseases.
Genome sequence of Bacillus cereus and comparative analysis with Bacillus anthracis.
Role of duplicate genes in genetic robustness against null mutations.
Adoptive cell therapy: Honing that killer instinct.
Stem cells: a unifying theory for the crypt.
Brain training: Games to do you good.
Elucidation of the Fe (IV)= O intermediate in the catalytic cycle of the halogenase SyrB2.
Key role of symbiotic dinitrogen fixation in tropical forest secondary succession.
Characterization and implications of intradecadal variations in length of day.
Structure of a bacterial energy-coupling factor transporter.
Odd and even Kondo effects from emergent localization in quantum point contacts.
Earliest evidence for the use of pottery.
DMSP biosynthesis by an animal and its role in coral thermal stress response.
Signaling and circuitry of multiple MAPK pathways revealed by a matrix of global gene expression profiles.
Evidence for recent groundwater seepage and surface runoff on Mars.
Extension of life-span with superoxide dismutase/catalase mimetics.
Structure of a glycerol-conducting channel and the basis for its selectivity.
The outcome of acute hepatitis C predicted by the evolution of the viral quasispecies.
Control of homeostasis of CD8+ memory T cells by opposing cytokines.
Molecular and neuronal substrate for the selective attenuation of anxiety.
Receptors for dopamine and somatostatin: formation of hetero-oligomers with enhanced functional activity.
Nipah virus: a recently emergent deadly paramyxovirus.
The genetic legacy of Paleolithic Homo sapiens sapiens in extant Europeans: AY chromosome perspective.
Dynamic disruptions in nuclear envelope architecture and integrity induced by HIV-1 Vpr.
The initiation of subduction: criticality by addition of water?.
Collapse of the California Current during glacial maxima linked to climate change on land.
Regulation of the immune response by antigen.
ENSO-like forcing on oceanic primary production during the late Pleistocene.
Enlarging the amino acid set of Escherichia coli by infiltration of the valine coding pathway.
In situ measurement of grain rotation during deformation of polycrystals.
Structure of an extracellular gp130 cytokine receptor signaling complex.
Infiltration of a Hawaiian community by introduced biological control agents.
Genetic analysis of digestive physiology using fluorescent phospholipid reporters.
Germline mitochondrial DNA mutations aggravate ageing and can impair brain development.
High-content genome-wide RNAi screens identify regulators of parkin upstream of mitophagy.
Crystal structure of Prp8 reveals active site cavity of the spliceosome.
Multidecadal variability in East African hydroclimate controlled by the Indian Ocean.
Temporal regulation of EGF signalling networks by the scaffold protein Shc1.
An old disk still capable of forming a planetary system.
Measurement of a solid-state triple point at the metal-insulator transition in VO2.
A rocky composition for an Earth-sized exoplanet.
Architecture and evolution of a minute plant genome.
A statin-dependent QTL for GATM expression is associated with statin-induced myopathy.
Single-cell chromatin accessibility reveals principles of regulatory variation.
From quantum matter to high-temperature superconductivity in copper oxides.
Subnanometre-resolution electron cryomicroscopy structure of a heterodimeric ABC exporter.
State preservation by repetitive error detection in a superconducting quantum circuit.
Spastin and ESCRT-III coordinate mitotic spindle disassembly and nuclear envelope sealing.
Progesterone receptor modulates ER [agr] action in breast cancer.
Lagging-strand replication shapes the mutational landscape of the genome.
The ubiquitin kinase PINK1 recruits autophagy receptors to induce mitophagy.
Optogenetic control of organelle transport and positioning.
Cooperative insertion of CO2 in diamine-appended metal-organic frameworks.
Instruction of translating ribosome by nascent peptide.
Separation of water into its ortho and para isomers.
Interannual variability in the North Atlantic Ocean carbon sink.
Transcription control by E1A and MAP kinase pathway via Sur2 mediator subunit.
Photosynthetic light harvesting by carotenoids: detection of an intermediate excited state.
A high-resolution paleoclimate record spanning the past 25,000 years in southern East Africa.
Enhanced and delayed stress-induced alcohol drinking in mice lacking functional CRH1 receptors.
Extraction of black hole rotational energy by a magnetic field and the formation of relativistic jets.
Superplumes from the core-mantle boundary to the lithosphere: Implications for heat flux.
Structural basis of transcription activation: the CAP-CTD-DNA complex.
Probing the faintest stars in a globular star cluster.
Barium isotopes in chondritic meteorites: implications for planetary reservoir models.
Comment on" Reconstructing past climate from noisy data".
Response to Comment on" Ivory-billed Woodpecker (Campephilus principalis) persists in continental North America".
Progress toward rotavirus vaccines.
Interface mobility from interface random walk.
Comment on" A Hydrogen-Rich Early Earth Atmosphere".
First pass at cancer genome reveals complex landscape.
Coherent electronic fringe structure in incommensurate silver-silicon quantum wells.
Statistical independence of escalatory ecological trends in Phanerozoic marine invertebrates.
Microbial awakenings.
Tunable delay of einsteinpodolskyrosen entanglement.
A dearth of intermediate melts at subduction zone volcanoes and the petrogenesis of arc andesites.
High-speed tracking of rupture and clustering in freely falling granular streams.
Hexameric assembly of the proteasomal ATPases is templated through their C termini.
Large positive magnetoresistive effect in silicon induced by the space-charge effect.
The Gamburtsev mountains and the origin and early evolution of the Antarctic Ice Sheet.
The structural basis of tail-anchored membrane protein recognition by Get3.
The rate of N-WASP exchange limits the extent of ARP2/3-complex-dependent actin-based motility.
Evidence of Xist RNA-independent initiation of mouse imprinted X-chromosome inactivation.
Control of the SCFSkp2Cks1 ubiquitin ligase by the APC/CCdh1 ubiquitin ligase.
Citric acid cycle intermediates as ligands for orphan G-protein-coupled receptors.
A precision measurement of the mass of the top quark.
Coral bleaching: thermal adaptation in reef coral symbionts.
Glutamate receptors: RNA editing and death of motor neurons.
The netrin receptor UNC5B mediates guidance events controlling morphogenesis of the vascular system.
Crystal structure of a self-splicing group I intron with both exons.
Self-assembly of amphiphilic dendritic dipeptides into helical pores.
Performance of maximum parsimony and likelihood phylogenetics when evolution is heterogeneous.
Coupled oscillators control morning and evening locomotor behaviour of Drosophila.
Zooming in on microscopic flow by remotely detected MRI.
Hydrogen isotopes preclude marine hydrate CH4 emissions at the onset of Dansgaard-Oeschger events.
Caging carbon dioxide.
Eocene Patagonia fossils of the daisy family.
Developing health workforce capacity in Africa.
Contrasting dcollement and prism properties over the Sumatra 20042005 earthquake rupture boundary.
Coupling of nitrous oxide and methane by global atmospheric chemistry.
Gender inequities must be addressed in HIV prevention.
Constraints on the formation age of cometary material from the NASA Stardust mission.
How cats lap: water uptake by Felis catus.
Laser cooling by collisional redistribution of radiation.
Cell biology: Another way to get rid of fat.
Seismic evidence for the loss of stellar angular momentum before the white-dwarf stage.
Seismic reflection images of a near-axis melt sill within the lower crust at the Juan de Fuca ridge.
Carbon cycle: Sink in the African jungle.
Permeability of asthenospheric mantle and melt extraction rates at mid-ocean ridges.
Systems biology: Untangling the protein web.
Microscopy: ever-increasing resolution.
Costing the earth.
Genotypic sex determination enabled adaptive radiations of extinct marine reptiles.
Nonsense mutations: running the red light.
Extreme oxygen isotope ratios in the early Solar System.
Best way to protect rock art is to leave it alone.
Breaking of Henry's law for noble gas and CO2 solubility in silicate melt under pressure.
Hikes in surface ozone could suffocate crops.
Water: Ins and outs of ice nucleation.
Cell biology: silenced RNA on the move.
Neuroscience: finding the missing fundamental.
Now you see it, now you don't.
Tsunami damage was enhanced by coral theft.
Origin of brittle cleavage in iridium.
Asynchronous bends in Pacific seamount trails: a case for extensional volcanism?.
The Kuiper belt and the solar system's comet disk.
Double quantum dot as a quantum bit.
Retention of xenon in quartz and Earth's missing xenon.
An interneuronal chemoreceptor required for olfactory imprinting in C. elegans.
Late bronze age glass production at qantir-piramesses, egypt.
Signaling specificity in yeast.
The first glacial maximum in North America.
Synthesis and structure of sila-adamantane.
Targeted therapy resistance mediated by dynamic regulation of extrachromosomal mutant EGFR DNA.
Carbon storage in basalt.
Ancient aqueous environments at Endeavour crater, Mars.
Rhodium-catalyzed intermolecular CH silylation of arenes with high steric regiocontrol.
Designing collective behavior in a termite-inspired robot construction team.
Endothelial cell-derived angiopoietin-2 controls liver regeneration as a spatiotemporal rheostat.
Growth factors engineered for super-affinity to the extracellular matrix enhance tissue healing.
Organogenesis in a dish: modeling development and disease using organoid technologies.
Structural basis for assembly and function of a heterodimeric plant immune receptor.
mTOR-and HIF-1mediated aerobic glycolysis as metabolic basis for trained immunity.
Global warming and climate forcing by recent albedo changes on Mars.
Survival times of anomalous melt inclusions from element diffusion in olivine and chromite.
The structure of consciousness.
Key biology databases go wiki.
Environmental science: nutrients in synergy.
Snowball Earth prevention by dissolved organic carbon remineralization.
Compositional homogeneity in the fragmented Comet 73P/SchwassmannWachmann 3.
The centromere geometry essential for keeping mitosis error free is controlled by spindle forces.
Plant biology: jasmonate perception machines.
Placing late Neanderthals in a climatic context.
A bump-and-hole approach to engineer controlled selectivity of BET bromodomain chemical probes.
The value of valuing nature.
Ammonia pollution from farming may exact hefty health costs.
Multidecadal warming of Antarctic waters.
Therapeutic Cloning Reaches Milestone.
'Right to Try'laws bypass FDA for last-ditch treatments.
Comment on Local impermeant anions establish the neuronal chloride concentration.
Mammalian skin cell biology: At the interface between laboratory and clinic.
Neoarchean carbonateassociated sulfate records positive 33S anomalies.
Structure of an agonist-bound ionotropic glutamate receptor.
lncRNAs transactivate STAU1-mediated mRNA decay by duplexing with 3 [prime] UTRs via Alu elements.
A selective role for dopamine in stimulus-reward learning.
Suppression of the coffee-ring effect by shape-dependent capillary interactions.
Wiring specificity in the direction-selectivity circuit of the retina.
STING is a direct innate immune sensor of cyclic di-GMP.
TLR signalling augments macrophage bactericidal activity through mitochondrial ROS.
Peripheral education of the immune system by colonic commensal microbiota.
Directed differentiation of human pluripotent stem cells into intestinal tissue in vitro.
MicroRNAs 103 and 107 regulate insulin sensitivity.
Magnetic-field-induced charge-stripe order in the high-temperature superconductor YBa2Cu3Oy.
Lymphangiogenesis in development and human disease.
STIM1 is a Ca2&plus; sensor that activates CRAC channels and migrates from the Ca2&plus; store to the plasma membrane.
Invariant visual representation by single neurons in the human brain.
Sleep-dependent memory consolidation.
Conserved modes of recruitment of ATM, ATR and DNA-PKcs to sites of DNA damage.
Nucleolar proteome dynamics.
Nanoscale hydrodynamics: enhanced flow in carbon nanotubes.
Experimental one-way quantum computing.
Mechanism of action of interferon and ribavirin in treatment of hepatitis C.
Highly controlled acetylene accommodation in a metalorganic microporous material.
Bunching of fractionally charged quasiparticles tunnelling through high-potential barriers.
Designing intermediate-range order in amorphous materials.
Kinematics: Gliding flight in the paradise tree snake.
Competence to replicate in the unfertilized egg is conferred by Cdc6 during meiotic maturation.
Global change: carbon dioxide goes with the flow.
Evolutionary biology (Communication arising): Significance of primate sexual swellings.
New components of the spliced leader RNP required for nematode trans-splicing.
Classical dynamics: Spinning eggsa paradox resolved.
Immunology: DNA drives autoimmunity.
AIDS vaccines: One step forwards, one step back.
Diet rapidly and reproducibly alters the human gut microbiome.
Discovery and saturation analysis of cancer genes across 21 tumour types.
Biological insights from 108 schizophrenia-associated genetic loci.
The complete genome sequence of a Neanderthal from the Altai Mountains.
An optical lattice clock with accuracy and stability at the 10-18 level.
A molecular marker of artemisinin-resistant Plasmodium falciparum malaria.
A draft map of the human proteome.
De novo mutations in schizophrenia implicate synaptic networks.
Mass-spectrometry-based draft of the human proteome.
Comprehensive molecular characterization of urothelial bladder carcinoma.
Adipocytes as regulators of energy balance and glucose homeostasis.
A class of non-precious metal composite catalysts for fuel cells.
Oncogene-induced senescence is part of the tumorigenesis barrier imposed by DNA damage checkpoints.
RNAi-mediated gene silencing in non-human primates.
A simple rule for the evolution of cooperation on graphs and social networks.
Mutations in progranulin cause tau-negative frontotemporal dementia linked to chromosome 17.
The scaling laws of human travel.
Purification and unique properties of mammary epithelial stem cells.
Avian flu: influenza virus receptors in the human airway.
Pten dependence distinguishes haematopoietic stem cells from leukaemia-initiating cells.
Materials science: erasing electron mass.
Insect behaviour: migratory bands give crickets protection.
Global task force for influenza.
Animal behaviour: continuous activity in cetaceans after birth.
Brownian motion: absolute negative particle mobility.
Climate: How unusual is today's solar activity?.
Timescales of shock processes in chondritic and martian meteorites.
Palaeobiology: Dating earliest life.
Neurobiology: bright blue times.
Subducted banded iron formations as a source of ultralow-velocity zones at the coremantle boundary.
Reversible concerted ligand substitution at alternating metal sites in an extended solid.
Evolution and development of inflorescence architectures.
Shape and temperature memory of nanocomposites with broadened glass transition.
Starch fossils and the domestication and dispersal of chili peppers (Capsicum spp. L.) in the Americas.
Computational design of peptides that target transmembrane helices.
Developmentally regulated activation of a SINE B2 repeat as a domain boundary in organogenesis.
Nuclei-induced frequency focusing of electron spin coherence.
Efficient transplantation via antibody-based clearance of hematopoietic stem cell niches.
Expansion of industrial logging in Central Africa.
Regulation of a cyclin-CDK-CDK inhibitor complex by inositol pyrophosphates.
[C] Lessons from the development of the traditional Chinese medicine formula PHY906.
[C] The Social Machine Designs for Living Online.
[C] Cheap and Clean How Americans Think About Energy in the Age of Global Warming.
Biomedical initiatives get top billing in budget rollout.
[C] Banned A History of Pesticides and the Science of Toxicology.
Superinsulator and quantum synchronization.
Ancient, highly heterogeneous mantle beneath Gakkel ridge, Arctic Ocean.
Integration of growth and specification in chick wing digit-patterning.
Ecologically implausible carbon response?.
Antigenic variation in Giardia lamblia is regulated by RNA interference.
Thermochemical flows couple the Earth's inner core growth to mantle heterogeneity.
Fault-induced seismic anisotropy by hydration in subducting oceanic plates.
Secreted transcription factor controls Mycobacterium tuberculosis virulence.
Fullerenes from aromatic precursors by surface-catalysed cyclodehydrogenation.
Dry mantle transition zone inferred from the conductivity of wadsleyite and ringwoodite.
In situ multi-satellite detection of coherent vortices as a manifestation of Alfvnic turbulence.
A volcanic environment for bedrock diagenesis at Meridiani Planum on Mars.
Insights into microtubule nucleation from the crystal structure of human -tubulin.
'Magic'nucleus 42Si.
Burrowing mechanics: burrow extension by crack propagation.
A lithospheric instability origin for Columbia River flood basalts and Wallowa Mountains uplift in northeast Oregon.
Light echoes from ancient supernovae in the Large Magellanic Cloud.
A late Eemian aridity pulse in central Europe during the last glacial inception.
A non-terrestrial 16O-rich isotopic composition for the protosolar nebula.
Rising temperatures are likely to reduce crop yields.
High-frequency, long-range coupling between prefrontal and visual cortex during attention.
Enhancement of biodiversity and ecosystem services by ecological restoration: a meta-analysis.
Diversity and complexity in DNA recognition by transcription factors.
CD4+ regulatory T cells control TH17 responses in a Stat3-dependent manner.
Circadian control of the NAD+ salvage pathway by CLOCK-SIRT1.
Ecological dynamics across the Arctic associated with recent climate change.
Observation of single colloidal platinum nanocrystal growth trajectories.
Common regulatory variation impacts gene expression in a cell typedependent manner.
Declining coral calcification on the Great Barrier Reef.
The transmissibility and control of pandemic influenza A (H1N1) virus.
Replication stress is a potent driver of functional decline in ageing haematopoietic stem cells.
Quantification of dissolved iron sources to the North Atlantic Ocean.
Dynamics of continental accretion.
Mitoflash frequency in early adulthood predicts lifespan in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Methane fluxes show consistent temperature dependence across microbial to ecosystem scales.
Equalizing excitation-inhibition ratios across visual cortical neurons.
Dynamically important magnetic fields near accreting supermassive black holes.
Aprataxin resolves adenylated RNA-DNA junctions to maintain genome integrity.
Herbivores and nutrients control grassland plant diversity via light limitation.
Comparative analysis of metazoan chromatin organization.
Entangled macroscopic quantum states in two superconducting qubits.
Electrical manipulation of magnetization reversal in a ferromagnetic semiconductor.
Melanopsin is required for non-image-forming photic responses in blind mice.
Detection of sweet and umami taste in the absence of taste receptor T1r3.
Mutational analysis of the tyrosine kinome in colorectal cancers.
Global food security: challenges and policies.
Allosteric activators of glucokinase: potential role in diabetes therapy.
Simulation of recent Southern Hemisphere climate change.
Accumulation of phosphorylated repressor for gibberellin signaling in an F-box mutant.
Dilated cardiomyopathy and heart failure caused by a mutation in phospholamban.
A variable absorption feature in the X-ray spectrum of a magnetar.
Mechanism of Trypanosoma brucei gambiense resistance to human serum.
EHMT1 controls brown adipose cell fate and thermogenesis through the PRDM16 complex.
Worldwide acceleration of mountain erosion under a cooling climate.
Behavioural and genetic analyses of Nasonia shed light on the evolution of sex pheromones.
Structural basis for the drug extrusion mechanism by a MATE multidrug transporter.
Autophagy promotes primary ciliogenesis by removing OFD1 from centriolar satellites.
Onset of deglacial warming in West Antarctica driven by local orbital forcing.
Reversal of an ancient sex chromosome to an autosome in Drosophila.
Melt-rich channel observed at the lithosphere-asthenosphere boundary.
Treg induction by a rationally selected mixture of Clostridia strains from the human microbiota.
mTOR is a key modulator of ageing and age-related disease.
Commensal microbe-derived butyrate induces the differentiation of colonic regulatory T cells.
Mammalian heart renewal by pre-existing cardiomyocytes.
High-level semi-synthetic production of the potent antimalarial artemisinin.
Autophagosomes form at ER-mitochondria contact sites.
Tumour heterogeneity and cancer cell plasticity.
Non-invasive analysis of acquired resistance to cancer therapy by sequencing of plasma DNA.
Retraction: Oligosaccharide ligands for NKR-P1 protein activate NK cells and cytotoxicity.
Vascularized and functional human liver from an iPSC-derived organ bud transplant.
Peripheral SMN restoration is essential for long-term rescue of a severe spinal muscular atrophy mouse model.
Engineered reversal of the [bgr]-oxidation cycle for the synthesis of fuels and chemicals.
Coherent coupling of a superconducting flux qubit to an electron spin ensemble in diamond.
The CatSper channel mediates progesterone-induced Ca2+ influx in human sperm.
Digoxin and its derivatives suppress TH17 cell differentiation by antagonizing ROR [ggr] t activity.
Collective synthesis of natural products by means of organocascade catalysis.
Consequences of climate change on the tree of life in Europe.
Alfvnic waves with sufficient energy to power the quiet solar corona and fast solar wind.
Ocean-like water in the Jupiter-family comet 103P/Hartley 2.
Suppression of TH17 differentiation and autoimmunity by a synthetic ROR ligand.
A material with electrically tunable strength and flow stress.
Failure to confirm XMRV/MLVs in the blood of patients with chronic fatigue syndrome: a multi-laboratory study.
Extending the carbon chain: hydrocarbon formation catalyzed by vanadium/molybdenum nitrogenases.
Modeling effects of environmental change on wolf population dynamics, trait evolution, and life history.
Irradiation history of Itokawa regolith material deduced from noble gases in the Hayabusa samples.
Femtoscale magnetically induced lattice distortions in multiferroic TbMnO3.
Flash heating leads to low frictional strength of crustal rocks at earthquake slip rates.
Clonal production and organization of inhibitory interneurons in the neocortex.
Electrical synapses control hippocampal contributions to fear learning and memory.
Detection of emerging sunspot regions in the solar interior.
Non-random coextinctions in phylogenetically structured mutualistic networks.
Pollinator shifts drive increasingly long nectar spurs in columbine flowers.
SMRT-mediated repression of an H3K27 demethylase in progression from neural stem cell to neuron.
High-speed linear optics quantum computing using active feed-forward.
The major Vibrio cholerae autoinducer and its role in virulence factor production.
Transformation of spin information into large electrical signals using carbon nanotubes.
Fish can infer social rank by observation alone.
Linear and nonlinear optical spectroscopy of a strongly coupled microdiskquantum dot system.
Antidepressant binding site in a bacterial homologue of neurotransmitter transporters.
Coupling substrate and ion binding to extracellular gate of a sodium-dependent aspartate transporter.
Metformin suppresses gluconeogenesis by inhibiting mitochondrial glycerophosphate dehydrogenase.
An environmental bacterial taxon with a large and distinct metabolic repertoire.
Ancient human genomes suggest three ancestral populations for present-day Europeans.
Metabolic determinants of cancer cell sensitivity to glucose limitation and biguanides.
Abnormalities in human pluripotent cells due to reprogramming mechanisms.
Proteogenomic characterization of human colon and rectal cancer.
Coupling of angiogenesis and osteogenesis by a specific vessel subtype in bone.
Persistent gut microbiota immaturity in malnourished Bangladeshi children.
Hydrous mantle transition zone indicated by ringwoodite included within diamond.
Crystal structure of a human GABAA receptor.
Organic chemistry: Catalytic gold rush.
Biodiversity: world of insects.
Effect of evaporite deposition on Early Cretaceous carbon and sulphur cycling.
Moral psychology: The depths of disgust.
Plant biology: sticking with auxin.
Electromagnetic detection of a 410-km-deep melt layer in the southwestern United States.
A diffusion mechanism for coremantle interaction.
Hyperion's sponge-like appearance.
Future crops: The other greenhouse effect.
Molecular medicine: microRNAs and the tell-tale heart.
The neural basis of loss aversion in decision-making under risk.
Toward cost-effective solar energy use.
Disrupting the pairing between let-7 and Hmga2 enhances oncogenic transformation.
Paired-end mapping reveals extensive structural variation in the human genome.
Sea anemone genome reveals ancestral eumetazoan gene repertoire and genomic organization.
Differential antigen processing by dendritic cell subsets in vivo.
Orbital and millennial Antarctic climate variability over the past 800,000 years.
Embodying emotion.
Evolutionary and biomedical insights from the rhesus macaque genome.
Monitoring of blood vessels and tissues by a population of monocytes with patrolling behavior.
Intergenerational transmission of child abuse and neglect: Real or detection bias?.
Bridging the opinion gap.
The cancer test.
Ten things we have to do to achieve precision medicine.
A comprehensive Xist interactome reveals cohesin repulsion and an RNA-directed chromosome conformation.
Probing the transition state region in catalytic CO oxidation on Ru.
Six enzymes from mayapple that complete the biosynthetic pathway to the etoposide aglycone.
A data-intensive approach to mechanistic elucidation applied to chiral anion catalysis.
In situ visualization of Li/Ag2VP2O8 batteries revealing rate-dependent discharge mechanism.
K2P channel gating mechanisms revealed by structures of TREK-2 and a complex with Prozac.
China's road to sustainability.
Evolutionary trade-offs in plants mediate the strength of trophic cascades.
Experimental results for H2 formation from H and H and implications for first star formation.
Normal modes and density of states of disordered colloidal solids.
Polarized myosin produces unequal-size daughters during asymmetric cell division.
Proposed US policy for ocean, coast, and Great Lakes stewardship.
Pathogenomics of Culex quinquefasciatus and meta-analysis of infection responses to diverse pathogens.
Of mice and women: the bias in animal models.
Light-induced structural changes in a photosynthetic reaction center caught by Laue diffraction.
An Unusually Fast-Evolving Supernova.
Amazonia through time: Andean uplift, climate change, landscape evolution, and biodiversity.
The impact of conservation on the status of the world's vertebrates.
Quantized anomalous Hall effect in magnetic topological insulators.
Massive Dirac fermion on the surface of a magnetically doped topological insulator.
A novel miRNA processing pathway independent of Dicer requires Argonaute2 catalytic activity.
-Synuclein promotes SNARE-complex assembly in vivo and in vitro.
Contributions of stratospheric water vapor to decadal changes in the rate of global warming.
Intravascular danger signals guide neutrophils to sites of sterile inflammation.
Microbial biosynthesis of alkanes.
Quantum-state controlled chemical reactions of ultracold potassium-rubidium molecules.
The Palomero genome suggests metal effects on domestication.
Mutations in two independent pathways are sufficient to create hermaphroditic nematodes.
Norbin is an endogenous regulator of metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 signaling.
Frontiers in reactor engineering.
Seasons and life cycles.
Balancing innovation and access: patent challenges tip the scales.
Global surface wave tomography using seismic hum.
Comment on Tail reconnection triggering substorm onset.
Imaging the interaction of the heliosphere with the interstellar medium from Saturn with Cassini.
Engineering complex dynamical structures: sequential patterns and desynchronization.
Comment on" A common genetic variant is associated with adult and childhood obesity".
Do vibrational excitations of CHD3 preferentially promote reactivity toward the chlorine atom?.
Regulation of the oocyte-to-zygote transition.
Free-solution, label-free molecular interactions studied by back-scattering interferometry.
Natural selection favors a newly derived timeless allele in Drosophila melanogaster.
Epigenetic decisions in mammalian germ cells.
Water solubility in aluminous orthopyroxene and the origin of Earth's asthenosphere.
Subsurface radar sounding of the south polar layered deposits of Mars.
Glia promote local synaptogenesis through UNC-6 (netrin) signaling in C. elegans.
A route to the brightest possible neutron source?.
Comment on" Rapid Advance of Spring Arrival Dates in Long-Distance Migratory Birds".
Chitosan for improving orchid production and quality.
Human-specific changes of genome structure detected by genomic triangulation.
Building an HIV-proof immune system.
A surprising connection between memory and imagination.
Deep ocean impact of a Madden-Julian Oscillation observed by Argo floats.
Testing a novel strategy against Parkinson's disease.
Nanotechnology: platelet mimicry.
Pharmacotherapy: Quest for the quitting pill.
Resources: Silt, dams and hydraulic heroes.
A permanent, asymmetric dust cloud around the Moon.
History of science: Revelations of a wild continent.
Materials science: Round the bend with microwaves.
Hypothalamic POMC neurons promote cannabinoid-induced feeding.
Workplace climate: Metrics for ethics.
Cas9 specifies functional viral targets during CRISPR-Cas adaptation.
A centrosomal localization signal in cyclin E required for Cdk2-independent S phase entry.
First-principles theory for the H+ CH4 H2+ CH3 reaction.
A new period for the geologic time scale.
Reversible immunocontraception in male monkeys immunized with eppin.
Snapshots of DsbA in action: detection of proteins in the process of oxidative folding.
Clues from Fe isotope variations on the origin of early Archean BIFs from Greenland.
Harnessing chaperones to generate small-molecule inhibitors of amyloid  aggregation.
Postnatal refinement of peripheral olfactory projections.
Making nanoscale materials with supercritical fluids.
Hybrid cars now, fuel cell cars later.
Role of the Arabidopsis glucose sensor HXK1 in nutrient, light, and hormonal signaling.
Spatiotemporal rescue of memory dysfunction in Drosophila.
Gating the selectivity filter in ClC chloride channels.
VDAC2 inhibits BAK activation and mitochondrial apoptosis.
Global air quality and pollution.
Dispersal, environment, and floristic variation of western Amazonian forests.
Transparent electronics.
Inferring nonneutral evolution from human-chimp-mouse orthologous gene trios.
Attosecond synchronization of high-harmonic soft x-rays.
African droughts and dust transport to the Caribbean: Climate change implications.
Structure of the human smoothened receptor bound to an antitumour agent.
A high-resolution map of the three-dimensional chromatin interactome in human cells.
Identification of a candidate therapeutic autophagy-inducing peptide.
Biological features of novel avian influenza A (H7N9) virus.
TRPV1 structures in distinct conformations reveal activation mechanisms.
A vast, thin plane of corotating dwarf galaxies orbiting the Andromeda galaxy.
De novo mutations in histone-modifying genes in congenital heart disease.
Immune clearance of highly pathogenic SIV infection.
Dynamic regulatory network controlling TH17 cell differentiation.
The genomic signature of dog domestication reveals adaptation to a starch-rich diet.
Seismology: Dynamic triggering of earthquakes.
Insect defences: taste alteration and endoparasites.
Long-term relationships between ecological stability and biodiversity in Phanerozoic reefs.
Discovery of a flank caldera and very young glacial activity at Hecates Tholus, Mars.
Nonlinear dynamics: when instability makes sense.
Counterfeit pharmaceuticals: murder by medicine.
News & Views: The chimpanzee and us.
The map-based sequence of the rice genome.
Gli3 and Plzf cooperate in proximal limb patterning at early stages of limb development.
Fission yeast Mes1p ensures the onset of meiosis II by blocking degradation of cyclin Cdc13p.
Tumour biology: herceptin acts as an anti-angiogenic cocktail.
TRPV3 is a temperature-sensitive vanilloid receptor-like protein.
Prestin is required for electromotility of the outer hair cell and for the cochlear amplifier.
High-power terahertz radiation from relativistic electrons.
Functional genomic analysis of phagocytosis and identification of a Drosophila receptor for E. coli.
Molecular segregation observed in a concentrated alcoholwater solution.
Chimaeric sounds reveal dichotomies in auditory perception.
Sub-laser-cycle electron pulses for probing molecular dynamics.
Graded persistent activity in entorhinal cortex neurons.
Direct visuomotor transformations for reaching.
Bone health in the balance.
SRP--Where the RNA and Membrane Worlds Meet.
Self-similarity and clustering in the spatial distribution of species.
The quickening of science communication.
A new breed of high-tech detectives.
Estonia prepares for national DNA database.
Not (just) in Kansas anymore.
Deformations in extreme matter.
In contrast to Dolly, cloning resets telomere clock in cattle.
Reproductive biology: progesterone's gateway into sperm.
Non-natives: put biodiversity at risk.
Nuclear energy: Nationalize the Fukushima Daiichi atomic plant.
Traditional asian medicine.
Neuroscience: Gone with the wean.
Imaging: Spot the hotspot.
Inferring nonlinear mantle rheology from the shape of the Hawaiian swell.
To invisibility and beyond.
Regenerative medicine: Muscle for a damaged heart.
Oceanography: forecasting the rain ratio.
Grain boundaries and dislocations.
Amygdala response to happy faces as a function of extraversion.
Identification of signal peptide peptidase, a presenilin-type aspartic protease.
Chromatin higher order folding--wrapping up transcription.
A conserved p38 MAP kinase pathway in Caenorhabditis elegans innate immunity.
Shaping of hooks in New Caledonian crows.
A thymic precursor to the NK T cell lineage.
The isomap algorithm and topological stability.
Global distribution of neutrons from Mars: Results from Mars Odyssey.
Grassland responses to global environmental changes suppressed by elevated CO2.
Analysis of one million base pairs of Neanderthal DNA.
Eukaryotic evolution, changes and challenges.
p16INK4a induces an age-dependent decline in islet regenerative potential.
PTEN maintains haematopoietic stem cells and acts in lineage choice and leukaemia prevention.
Methane bubbling from Siberian thaw lakes as a positive feedback to climate warming.
Reverse replay of behavioural sequences in hippocampal place cells during the awake state.
Laser acceleration of quasi-monoenergetic MeV ion beams.
A quantitative protein interaction network for the ErbB receptors using protein microarrays.
Patterning organic single-crystal transistor arrays.
Long -ray bursts and core-collapse supernovae have different environments.
Toward separation and purification of olefins using dithiolene complexes: An electrochemical approach.
A neural correlate of working memory in the monkey primary visual cortex.
A microscopic basis for the global appearance of energy landscapes.
The giant crocodyliform Sarcosuchus from the Cretaceous of Africa.
A circadian output in Drosophila mediated by neurofibromatosis-1 and Ras/MAPK.
Indication of global deforestation at the Cretaceous-Tertiary boundary by New Zealand fern spike.
Allosteric control of RNA polymerase by a site that contacts nascent RNA hairpins.
Loss of insulator activity by paired Su (Hw) chromatin insulators.
The art of the probable: system control in the adaptive immune system.
Conserving Biodiversity.
Oncogenomics and the development of new cancer therapies.
Constraints on the duration and freshwater release of Heinrich event 4 through isotope modelling.
Unified spatial scaling of species and their trophic interactions.
Ecology: widespread colonization by polar hypoliths.
Cell biology: regulated self-cannibalism.
Implications for hydrologic processes on Mars from extensive bedrock outcrops throughout Terra Meridiani.
Superconductivity: Why the temperature is high.
Non-mitochondrial complex I proteins in a hydrogenosomal oxidoreductase complex.
Chicken genomics: feather-pecking and victim pigmentation.
Similar meltwater contributions to glacial sea level changes from Antarctic and northern ice sheets.
North Atlantic forcing of tropical Indian Ocean climate.
Direct high-precision measurement of the magnetic moment of the proton.
Perturbed neural activity disrupts cerebral angiogenesis during a postnatal critical period.
Merging allylic carbon-hydrogen and selective carbon-carbon bond activation.
Deterministic switching of ferromagnetism at room temperature using an electric field.
[C] Ebola by the numbers: The size, spread and cost of an outbreak..
Structure of the F-actin--tropomyosin complex.
R-loops induce repressive chromatin marks over mammalian gene terminators.
Asymmetric photoredox transition-metal catalysis activated by visible light.
Analysis of orthologous groups reveals archease and DDX1 as tRNA splicing factors.
Leadership, social capital and incentives promote successful fisheries.
Role of sulphuric acid, ammonia and galactic cosmic rays in atmospheric aerosol nucleation.
Antibiotic resistance is ancient.
A conditional knockout resource for the genome-wide study of mouse gene function.
Directed self-assembly of a colloidal kagome lattice.
DNA-binding factors shape the mouse methylome at distal regulatory regions.
Nanometre-scale electronics with III-V compound semiconductors.
MicroRNA-mediated conversion of human fibroblasts to neurons.
The role of Tet3 DNA dioxygenase in epigenetic reprogramming by oocytes.
Inhibition of BET recruitment to chromatin as an effective treatment for MLL-fusion leukaemia.
Two stellar-mass black holes in the globular cluster M22.
Quasi-cylindrical wave contribution in experiments on extraordinary optical transmission.
MAP and kinesin-dependent nuclear positioning is required for skeletal muscle function.
Formation of the/Great Unconformity/'as a trigger for the Cambrian explosion.
NLRP10 is a NOD-like receptor essential to initiate adaptive immunity by dendritic cells.
Dynamical age differences among coeval star clusters as revealed by blue stragglers.
Intrinsically determined cell death of developing cortical interneurons.
Air density 2.7 billion years ago limited to less than twice modern levels by fossil raindrop imprints.
Superluminous supernovae at redshifts of 2.05 and 3.90.
Adaptation at the output of the chemotaxis signalling pathway.
Surface mechanics mediate pattern formation in the developing retina.
Onset of heterogeneous crystal nucleation in colloidal suspensions.
The rice leaf blast pathogen undergoes developmental processes typical of root-infecting fungi.
Direct interaction of geminin and Six3 in eye development.
Identification of an angiogenic factor that when mutated causes susceptibility to KlippelTrenaunay syndrome.
The large-conductance Ca2&plus;-activated K&plus; channel is essential for innate immunity.
Error-prone replication of oxidatively damaged DNA by a high-fidelity DNA polymerase.
Structural basis for removal of adenine mispaired with 8-oxoguanine by MutY adenine DNA glycosylase.
Context-dependent contributions of backbone hydrogen bonding to -sheet folding energetics.
Electron-hole symmetry in a semiconducting carbon nanotube quantum dot.
Gate-tuning of graphene plasmons revealed by infrared nano-imaging.
Endothelial and perivascular cells maintain haematopoietic stem cells.
The molecular evolution of acquired resistance to targeted EGFR blockade in colorectal cancers.
Widespread potential for growth-factor-driven resistance to anticancer kinase inhibitors.
The genomic basis of adaptive evolution in threespine sticklebacks.
Sequence analysis of mutations and translocations across breast cancer subtypes.
Modular regulatory principles of large non-coding RNAs.
Structure of the human [kgr]-opioid receptor in complex with JDTic.
DNA-based self-assembly of chiral plasmonic nanostructures with tailored optical response.
EZH2 inhibition as a therapeutic strategy for lymphoma with EZH2-activating mutations.
Multidecadal warming of Antarctic waters.
Therapeutic Cloning Reaches Milestone.
Comment on Local impermeant anions establish the neuronal chloride concentration.
Mammalian skin cell biology: At the interface between laboratory and clinic.
Science diplomacy with Cuba.
Neoarchean carbonateassociated sulfate records positive 33S anomalies.
Structure of an agonist-bound ionotropic glutamate receptor.
A structurally distinct human mycoplasma protein that generically blocks antigen-antibody union.
Influence of the support on surface rearrangements of bimetallic nanoparticles in real catalysts.
Melting of subducted basalt at the core-mantle boundary.
Adaptive immune response of V2V2+ T cells during mycobacterial infections.
Life and the evolution of Earth's atmosphere.
Homologies in leaf form inferred from KNOXI gene expression during development.
Flow and storage in groundwater systems.
Dynamics of Pleistocene population extinctions in Beringian brown bears.
Coordination of PIC assembly and chromatin remodeling during differentiation-induced gene activation.
Rates of evolution in ancient DNA from Adlie penguins.
Coda wave interferometry for estimating nonlinear behavior in seismic velocity.
New directions in neuronal migration.
Alcohol consumption impairs detection of performance errors in mediofrontal cortex.
Stochasticity and cell fate.
Attosecond ionization and tunneling delay time measurements in helium.
Representation of geometric borders in the entorhinal cortex.
Large electrocaloric effect in ferroelectric polymers near room temperature.
The crystal structure of a sodium galactose transporter reveals mechanistic insights into Na+/sugar symport.
Identification of non-precious metal alloy catalysts for selective hydrogenation of acetylene.
Systemic leukocyte-directed siRNA delivery revealing cyclin D1 as an anti-inflammatory target.
Abiogenic hydrocarbon production at Lost City hydrothermal field.
Seasonal speedup along the western flank of the Greenland Ice Sheet.
Ancestral monogamy shows kin selection is key to the evolution of eusociality.
Disaster responses: More than 70 ways to show resilience.
Technology: Barriers to misuse.
Yves Chauvin (1930-2015).
Cell biology: The micronucleus gets its big break.
Ecology: Shared ancestry predicts disease levels.
A human tRNA synthetase is a potent PARP1-activating effector target for resveratrol.
Nanophysics: Microscopic friction emulators.
Core facilities: Shared support.
.
In retrospect: A marine biologist's remarkable legacy.
Reprogramming of genome function through epigenetic inheritance.
A thermodynamic connection to the fragility of glass-forming liquids.
Effects of chronic exposure to cocaine are regulated by the neuronal protein Cdk5.
Late Miocene hominids from the middle Awash, Ethiopia.
Combinatorial and computational challenges for biocatalyst design.
Phosphorus limitation of nitrogen fixation by Trichodesmium in the central Atlantic Ocean.
Formation of chiral morphologies through selective binding of amino acids to calcite surface steps.
Fluidity of water confined to subnanometre films.
Ionic conductivity in crystalline polymer electrolytes.
Mobilization of transposons by a mutation abolishing full DNA methylation in Arabidopsis.
Isotopic homojunction band engineering from diamond.
Making a science of education.
Complex systems and networks.
The illusive gold standard in genetic ancestry testing.
Plant bar code soon to become reality.
[C] Exxon valdez turns 20.
Minority retention rates in science are sore spot for most universities.
New science for chemicals policy.
Earth vibrations.
Tenure and the Future of the University.
Aerosol formation: Atmospheric particles from organic vapours.
Surface phenomena: Contact time of a bouncing drop.
Testing the neutral theory of molecular evolution with genomic data from Drosophila.
Biodiversity: invasions by marine life on plastic debris.
The effect of millennial-scale changes in Arabian Sea denitrification on atmospheric CO2.
Modulation of virulence within a pathogenicity island in vancomycin-resistant Enterococcus faecalis.
Crystal structure of DegP (HtrA) reveals a new protease-chaperone machine.
Why stainless steel corrodes.
Spontaneous breaking of time-reversal symmetry in the pseudogap state of a high-Tc superconductor.
E3 ubiquitin ligase that recognizes sugar chains.
Detecting ozone-and greenhouse gasdriven wind trends with observational data.
Detection and learning of floral electric fields by bumblebees.
Diagnostic cancer genome sequencing and the contribution of germline variants.
Functional ion defects in transition metal oxides.
The Hippo signaling pathway interactome.
Hell and high water: practice-relevant adaptation science.
Intrinsically disordered protein threads through the bacterial outer-membrane porin OmpF.
A KRAB/KAP1-miRNA cascade regulates erythropoiesis through stage-specific control of mitophagy.
Cellular self-defense: how cell-autonomous immunity protects against pathogens.
Radio jets clearing the way through a galaxy: watching feedback in action.
Late Pleistocene human skull from Hofmeyr, South Africa, and modern human origins.
Time-resolved investigation of coherently controlled electric currents at a metal surface.
Roadless space of the conterminous United States.
Composite materials with viscoelastic stiffness greater than diamond.
Saturn's small inner satellites: Clues to their origins.
Seeking agriculture's ancient roots.
Sponge paleogenomics reveals an ancient role for carbonic anhydrase in skeletogenesis.
Positive regulation of Itk PH domain function by soluble IP4.
Electron-induced oxygen desorption from the TiO2 (011)-2 1 surface leads to self-organized vacancies.
The perception of rational, goal-directed action in nonhuman primates.
Nanoporous gold catalysts for selective gas-phase oxidative coupling of methanol at low temperature.
Acetylation of metabolic enzymes coordinates carbon source utilization and metabolic flux.
Hot-electron transfer from semiconductor nanocrystals.
Altered histone acetylation is associated with age-dependent memory impairment in mice.
Molecular signals of epigenetic states.
Platelets amplify inflammation in arthritis via collagen-dependent microparticle production.
The evolution and future of Earth's nitrogen cycle.
MicroRNA-33 and the SREBP host genes cooperate to control cholesterol homeostasis.
Monolithic carbide-derived carbon films for micro-supercapacitors.
Five-vertebrate ChIP-seq reveals the evolutionary dynamics of transcription factor binding.
The Fun30 nucleosome remodeller promotes resection of DNA double-strand break ends.
Role of corin in trophoblast invasion and uterine spiral artery remodelling in pregnancy.
Adaptive radiation of multituberculate mammals before the extinction of dinosaurs.
Collaborations: The rise of research networks.
Evidence of non-random mutation rates suggests an evolutionary risk management strategy.
Trans-synaptic Teneurin signalling in neuromuscular synapse organization and target choice.
Experimental observation of electron-hole recollisions.
The 11 April 2012 east Indian Ocean earthquake triggered large aftershocks worldwide.
Kimberlite ascent by assimilation-fuelled buoyancy.
APJ acts as a dual receptor in cardiac hypertrophy.
Ebola treatments caught in limbo.
[C] Open access is tiring out peer reviewers..
Synthetic-biology firms shift focus.
Localized sources of water vapour on the dwarf planet (1) Ceres.
[C] Alzheimer's disease: The forgetting gene..
Environment: Breathing trouble.
Condensed-matter physics: Magnetic fields without magnetic fields.
Winner takes all in science.
[C] Earth system science.
Gene duplication and evolution.
The human genome.
High macromolecular synthesis with low metabolic cost in Antarctic sea urchin embryos.
A fossil lemur from the Oligocene of Pakistan.
Remotely sensed biological production in the equatorial Pacific.
On atmospheric loss of oxygen ions from Earth through magnetospheric processes.
Climate change in nontraditional data sets.
Natural restoration of the species-area relation for a lizard after a hurricane.
Organic carbon composition of marine sediments: effect of oxygen exposure on oil generation potential.
Transgenerational epigenetic inheritance of longevity in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Latent TGF-[bgr] structure and activation.
Functional specificity of local synaptic connections in neocortical networks.
Reduction of disulphide bonds unmasks potent antimicrobial activity of human [bgr]-defensin 1.
Activation of the innate immune receptor Dectin-1 upon formation of a/phagocytic synapse/'.
Recapitulation of premature ageing with iPSCs from Hutchinson-Gilford progeria syndrome.
Microenvironmental regulation of stem cells in intestinal homeostasis and cancer.
FADD prevents RIP3-mediated epithelial cell necrosis and chronic intestinal inflammation.
Metabolite-enabled eradication of bacterial persisters by aminoglycosides.
Functional identification of an aggression locus in the mouse hypothalamus.
Opposing effects of native and exotic herbivores on plant invasions.
Biosynthesis of plant volatiles: nature's diversity and ingenuity.
Activity-dependent regulation of MEF2 transcription factors suppresses excitatory synapse number.
Excitatory effect of GABAergic axo-axonic cells in cortical microcircuits.
Genomic islands and the ecology and evolution of Prochlorococcus.
Molecular linkage between the kinase ATM and NF-B signaling in response to genotoxic stimuli.
Preserved CD4+ central memory T cells and survival in vaccinated SIV-challenged monkeys.
Satellite gravity measurements confirm accelerated melting of Greenland ice sheet.
Deconvolution of the factors contributing to the increase in global hurricane intensity.
Tissue geometry determines sites of mammary branching morphogenesis in organotypic cultures.
Constrained lattice density functional theory and its applications on vaporliquid nucleations.
Analysis of isentropic potential vorticities for the relationship between stratospheric anomalies and the cooling process in China.
Palynomorph assemblages from the Fenghuoshan Group, southern Qinghai, China: their age and palaeoenvironmental significance.
Effects of aluminum toxicity induced by acid deposition on pine forest ecosystem in Longli of Guizhou Province, southwestern China.
Enhancing phytolith carbon sequestration in rice ecosystems through basalt powder amendment.
Practice and research progress on ecosystem conservation in transboundary areas.
Geographical space development zone classification: an essential guide for transformation of mountain resource cities.
Balancing selection and recombination drive genetic variation at MHC class I genes in the giant panda.
Persistent positive North Atlantic Oscillation mode dominated the medieval climate anomaly.
The tail of integrins, talin, and kindlins.
Late Pleistocene demography and the appearance of modern human behavior.
Bat white-nose syndrome: an emerging fungal pathogen?.
Phase-sensitive observation of a spin-orbital Mott state in Sr2IrO4.
Fabricating genetically engineered high-power lithium-ion batteries using multiple virus genes.
Exomic sequencing identifies PALB2 as a pancreatic cancer susceptibility gene.
Quantum simulators.
Folding DNA into twisted and curved nanoscale shapes.
A glucosinolate metabolism pathway in living plant cells mediates broad-spectrum antifungal defense.
Characterization of step-edge barriers in organic thin-film growth.
Spectroscopic tracking of structural evolution in ultrafast stilbene photoisomerization.
The transition from stiff to compliant materials in squid beaks.
Midbody targeting of the ESCRT machinery by a noncanonical coiled coil in CEP55.
Leiomodin is an actin filament nucleator in muscle cells.
Human-induced Arctic moistening.
Heterochromatin integrity affects chromosome reorganization after centromere dysfunction.
The misused impact factor.
Concurrent fast and slow cycling of a transcriptional activator at an endogenous promoter.
Gas disks to gas giants: simulating the birth of planetary systems.
Ant navigation: Priming of visual route memories.
US launches probe into sales of unapproved transgenic corn.
Medicine: aborting the birth of cancer.
The simplicity of metazoan cell lineages.
Ecology: is speciation driven by species diversity?.
Nanotechnology: nano-oscillators get it together.
Cardiology: solace for the broken-hearted?.
Stage-structured cycles promote genetic diversity in a predatorprey system of Daphnia and algae.
What Henslow taught Darwin.
Malaria risk: estimation of the malaria burden.
Inconsistency in large pharmacogenomic studies.
The haplotype-resolved genome and epigenome of the aneuploid HeLa cancer cell line.
Crystal structure of an RNA-bound 11-subunit eukaryotic exosome complex.
Patterns and mechanisms of early Pliocene warmth.
Diverse and heritable lineage imprinting of early haematopoietic progenitors.
Reconstructing state mixtures from diffraction measurements.
Random convergence of olfactory inputs in the Drosophila mushroom body.
Evidence for a new nuclear/magic number/'from the level structure of 54Ca.
A role for the Perlman syndrome exonuclease Dis3l2 in the Lin28-let-7 pathway.
Diversity loss with persistent human disturbance increases vulnerability to ecosystem collapse.
A warm layer in Venus' cryosphere and high-altitude measurements of HF, HCl, H2O and HDO.
Phase-contrast X-ray microtomography links Cretaceous seeds with Gnetales and Bennettitales.
Early gas stripping as the origin of the darkest galaxies in the Universe.
Functional architecture of the retromer cargo-recognition complex.
The signature of hot hydrogen in the atmosphere of the extrasolar planet HD 209458b.
Vitrification of a monatomic metallic liquid.
Rewiring cellular morphology pathways with synthetic guanine nucleotide exchange factors.
Crystal structure of the heterotrimer core of Saccharomyces cerevisiae AMPK homologue SNF1.
A new species of great ape from the late Miocene epoch in Ethiopia.
A stepwise mechanism for acetylcholine receptor channel gating.
Catalysis: A greener solution.
Chemistry: dendrimers set to self-destruct.
A strong decrease in Saturn's equatorial jet at cloud level.
Microfluidic systems: high radial acceleration in microvortices.
Neuroscience: States of mind.
Fish farming: Eat your veg.
Plant biology: locks, keys and symbioses.
Materials science: Zero-expansion plan.
Fertility treatments: Seeds of doubt.
Gene regulation: RNA to the rescue?.
Plasma antioxidants from chocolate.
Electronic paper: Flexible active-matrix electronic ink display.
Structure and function of Nurr1 identifies a class of ligand-independent nuclear receptors.
Action plans used in action observation.
Transformation and control of ultra-short pulses in dispersion-engineered photonic crystal fibres.
Direct observation of TomonagaLuttinger-liquid state in carbon nanotubes at low temperatures.
Magnetic enhancement of superconductivity from electron spin domains.
Single synaptic vesicles fusing transiently and successively without loss of identity.
Predicting distributions of known and unknown reptile species in Madagascar.
A test of the unified neutral theory of biodiversity.
Deeply inverted electron-hole recombination in a luminescent antibody-stilbene complex.
Comment on" Brain IRS2 signaling coordinates life span and nutrient homeostasis".
Response to comments on magnetic resonance spectroscopy identifies neural progenitor cells in the live human brain.
Genetic compatibility affects queen and worker caste determination.
GENETICS: GenBank--Natural History in the 21st Century?.
Understanding soil time.
Phylogenetic signal in the eukaryotic tree of life.
[C] A biolinguistic agenda.
Supersolidity.
What songbirds teach us about learning.
Dissecting glucose signalling with diversity-oriented synthesis and small-molecule microarrays.
Towards BoseEinstein condensation of excitons in potential traps.
Formation of tough interlocking microstructures in silicon nitride ceramics by dynamic ripening.
Consumer versus resource control of species diversity and ecosystem functioning.
Acceleration of rain initiation by cloud turbulence.
Signal-dependent regulation of splicing via phosphorylation of Sam68.
A hydrogen-based subsurface microbial community dominated by methanogens.
Cardiac channelopathies.
The prolyl isomerase Pin1 is a regulator of p53 in genotoxic response.
Recycled dehydrated lithosphere observed in plume-influenced mid-ocean-ridge basalt.
Electric-field-induced capillary attraction between like-charged particles at liquid interfaces.
Orbital forcing of the Martian polar layered deposits.
Na&plus;/H&plus; exchanger regulatory factor 2 directs parathyroid hormone 1 receptor signalling.
Macroecological patterns of phytoplankton in the northwestern North Atlantic Ocean.
The C2B Ca2&plus;-binding motif of synaptotagmin is required for synaptic transmission in vivo.
Charge-ordered ferromagnetic phase in La0. 5Ca0. 5MnO3.
Characterization of a common precursor population for dendritic cells.
Actin dynamics in the contractile ring during cytokinesis in fission yeast.
Superconductivity in compressed lithium at 20 K.
Disulphide-isomerase-enabled shedding of tumour-associated NKG2D ligands.
Reconstitution of a microtubule plus-end tracking system in vitro.
High-resolution structure prediction and the crystallographic phase problem.
Reversible stress softening of actin networks.
Chromatin dynamics and the preservation of genetic information.
Constructive memory: the ghosts of past and future.
Pulsational pair instability as an explanation for the most luminous supernovae.
A functional circuit underlying male sexual behaviour in the female mouse brain.
Methanotrophy below pH 1 by a new Verrucomicrobia species.
Crystal structure of a protein phosphatase 2A heterotrimeric holoenzyme.
Snapshots of cooperative atomic motions in the optical suppression of charge density waves.
A conserved spider silk domain acts as a molecular switch that controls fibre assembly.
Transcriptional role of cyclin D1 in development revealed by a geneticproteomic screen.
Mechanism of the ATP-dependent DNA end-resection machinery from Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
I [kgr] B [zgr] regulates TH17 development by cooperating with ROR nuclear receptors.
Structure of a fucose transporter in an outward-open conformation.
Brain function and chromatin plasticity.
FOXO-dependent regulation of innate immune homeostasis.
Crystal structure of the FTO protein reveals basis for its substrate specificity.
Spatiotemporal regulation of cell-cycle genes by SHORTROOT links patterning and growth.
Inhibition of PRC2 activity by a gain-of-function H3 mutation found in pediatric glioblastoma.
Structure of the CCR5 chemokine receptorHIV entry inhibitor maraviroc complex.
Cryo-EM structure of a fully glycosylated soluble cleaved HIV-1 envelope trimer.
Increases in adult life expectancy in rural South Africa: valuing the scale-up of HIV treatment.
Actin, spectrin, and associated proteins form a periodic cytoskeletal structure in axons.
Cation intercalation and high volumetric capacitance of two-dimensional titanium carbide.
Persistent LCMV infection is controlled by blockade of type I interferon signaling.
Noncanonical inflammasome activation by intracellular LPS independent of TLR4.
Photonic boson sampling in a tunable circuit.
Climate change impacts on global food security.
Coronal transverse magnetohydrodynamic waves in a solar prominence.
Long-term satellite record reveals likely recent aerosol trend.
Genetic properties influencing the evolvability of gene expression.
A large-scale deforestation experiment: effects of patch area and isolation on Amazon birds.
Seismic evidence for deep-water transportation in the mantle.
Structure of the zinc transporter YiiP.
Economics of overexploitation revisited.
Did they really say... eradication?.
Structure of the polycrystalline zeolite catalyst IM-5 solved by enhanced charge flipping.
Marine radiocarbon evidence for the mechanism of deglacial atmospheric CO2 rise.
Control of peripheral nerve myelination by the -secretase BACE1.
Measurements of time-variable gravity show mass loss in Antarctica.
An integrated logic circuit assembled on a single carbon nanotube.
A virulence locus of Pseudomonas aeruginosa encodes a protein secretion apparatus.
Large-scale sequence analysis of avian influenza isolates.
Spin coupling in engineered atomic structures.
Autoreactive B cell responses to RNA-related antigens due to TLR7 gene duplication.
Variable very-high-energy gamma-ray emission from the microquasar LS I+ 61 303.
Comet 81P/Wild 2 under a microscope.
Sequencing and analysis of Neanderthal genomic DNA.
Diagnostics: the prostate-cancer metabolome.
Ageing: A midlife longevity drug?.
Common dependence on stress for the two fundamental laws of statistical seismology.
Mechanochemistry: Polymers react to stress.
Plant biology: signal advance for abscisic acid.
Pruning the regulatory tree.
Immunology: in the beginning.
Host plant genome overcomes the lack of a bacterial gene for symbiotic nitrogen fixation.
Remote triggering of fault-strength changes on the San Andreas fault at Parkfield.
Developmental biology: transgenic primate offspring.
Melting of iron at the physical conditions of the Earth's core.
Fire-induced erosion and millennial-scale climate change in northern ponderosa pine forests.
Global biodiversity patterns of marine phytoplankton and zooplankton.
Nonindependence of mammalian dental characters.
Random quasi-phase-matching in bulk polycrystalline isotropic nonlinear materials.
Physiology: does gut hormone PYY336 decrease food intake in rodents?.
Plant retinoblastoma homologues control nuclear proliferation in the female gametophyte.
p19ARF directly and differentially controls the functions of c-Myc independently of p53.
Conventional taxonomy obscures deep divergence between Pacific and Atlantic corals.
Involvement of targeted proteolysis in plant genetic transformation by Agrobacterium.
Intronic microRNA precursors that bypass Drosha processing.
Pathogenesis and therapy of psoriasis.
Relativistic effects in homogeneous gold catalysis.
Dynamic personalities of proteins.
Restoration of p53 function leads to tumour regression in vivo.
Macrophage-specific PPAR&ggr; controls alternative activation and improves insulin resistance.
Phenotypic plasticity and the epigenetics of human disease.
Claudin-1 is a hepatitis C virus co-receptor required for a late step in entry.
Damage to the prefrontal cortex increases utilitarian moral judgements.
Intrinsic functional architecture in the anaesthetized monkey brain.
Energetic particles in the Jovian magnetotail.
The brain/education barrier.
Mathematics and complex systems.
[C] Is Internal Timing Key to Mental Health?.
Rapid changes in throughput from single motor cortex neurons to muscle activity.
The source of Saturn's G ring.
Breakthrough of the year.
Constraints on neon and argon isotopic fractionation in solar wind.
Relative differences: the myth of 1%.
Mesoscopic phase coherence in a quantum spin fluid.
Formation and propagation of matter-wave soliton trains.
Food chemistry: acrylamide is formed in the Maillard reaction.
Scaling of entanglement close to a quantum phase transition.
Astroglia induce neurogenesis from adult neural stem cells.
The genome sequence of Schizosaccharomyces pombe.
X-ray structure of a ClC chloride channel at 3.0  reveals the molecular basis of anion selectivity.
Gene expression: RNA interference in adult mice.
A satellite view of aerosols in the climate system.
Kondo resonance in a single-molecule transistor.
Crystal structure of parallel quadruplexes from human telomeric DNA.
Evidence points to migratory birds in H5N1 spread.
Gold in magmatic hydrothermal solutions and the rapid formation of a giant ore deposit.
The new world of global health.
Rapid temporal reversal in predator-driven natural selection.
Anaphase inactivation of the spindle checkpoint.
A new genus of African monkey, Rungwecebus: morphology, ecology, and molecular phylogenetics.
Juvenile hormone is required to couple imaginal disc formation with nutrition in insects.
A nearly modern amphibious bird from the Early Cretaceous of northwestern China.
IGFBP-4 is an inhibitor of canonical Wnt signalling required for cardiogenesis.
The unexpected origin of plasmaspheric hiss from discrete chorus emissions.
Changing boreal methane sources and constant biomass burning during the last termination.
A stem batrachian from the Early Permian of Texas and the origin of frogs and salamanders.
Lower-crustal intrusion on the North Atlantic continental margin.
Haem homeostasis is regulated by the conserved and concerted functions of HRG-1 proteins.
Positive feedback sharpens the anaphase switch.
Long-term haematopoietic reconstitution by Trp53-/-p16Ink4a-/-p19Arf-/-multipotent progenitors.
Removal of phospho-head groups of membrane lipids immobilizes voltage sensors of K+ channels.
Magnetic fields at the solar wind termination shock.
Ageing: Old blood stem cells feel the stress.
ANTARCTICA'S SECRET GARDEN.
Sustainable ecosystems and society.
Microbiology: Majority rule.
Physics: Inside utter strangeness.
Automated screening: Arxiv screens spot fake papers.
Preclinical research: Design animal studies better.
Gene regulation: Fine-tuned amplification in cells.
Climate change: Call for UN to act on food security.
 .
Hybridization and the evolution of reef coral diversity.
Quantum solvation of carbonyl sulfide with helium atoms.
Singlet diradicals: from transition states to crystalline compounds.
China and AIDSThe time to act is now.
Human occupations and climate change in the Puna de Atacama, Chile.
The cause of carbon isotope minimum events on glacial terminations.
Ectoderm to mesoderm lineage switching during axolotl tail regeneration.
Microscale bioanalytical systems.
Femtosecond infrared spectroscopy of bacteriorhodopsin chromophore isomerization.
Crystallographic evidence for a free silylium ion.
Formation of regulatory patterns during signal propagation in a mammalian cellular network.
Encoding electronic properties by synthesis of axial modulation-doped silicon nanowires.
Snowfall-driven growth in East Antarctic ice sheet mitigates recent sea-level rise.
Arabidopsis H+-PPase AVP1 regulates auxin-mediated organ development.
On-wire lithography.
Atomic-scale visualization of inertial dynamics.
The V-antigen of Yersinia forms a distinct structure at the tip of injectisome needles.
Animal evolution and the molecular signature of radiations compressed in time.
Appendage regeneration in adult vertebrates and implications for regenerative medicine.
RNA structure: reading the ribosome.
High-quality binary protein interaction map of the yeast interactome network.
An oncogene-induced DNA damage model for cancer development.
MeCP2, a key contributor to neurological disease, activates and represses transcription.
Nascent RNA sequencing reveals widespread pausing and divergent initiation at human promoters.
Widespread translational inhibition by plant miRNAs and siRNAs.
Optical images of an exosolar planet 25 light-years from Earth.
Neuronal diversity and temporal dynamics: the unity of hippocampal circuit operations.
Polycomb proteins targeted by a short repeat RNA to the mouse X chromosome.
Complete chemical synthesis, assembly, and cloning of a Mycoplasma genitalium genome.
Identification of active gold nanoclusters on iron oxide supports for CO oxidation.
Serotonin and the therapeutic effects of ritalin.
Were 'little people'the first to venture out of Africa?.
[DOC][DOC] for Thursday, 16 February Lesson 7B, Part 3-Aluminum Is Put on Trial as a Vaccine Booster..
China's new forest policy.
Reinventing an ancient cure for malaria.
Ground zero: AIDS research in Africa.
California algae may be feared European species.
N-WASP Regulation--the Sting in the Tail.
Conflict in Congo threatens bonobos and rare gorillas.
Comet-like mineralogy of olivine crystals in an extrasolar proto-Kuiper belt.
Causes of an AD 774-775 14C increase.
Near-infrared background anisotropies from diffuse intrahalo light of galaxies.
Supercontinent cycles and the calculation of absolute palaeolongitude in deep time.
Drug discovery: Cell lines battle cancer.
The constant gardeners.
Air sampling reveals high emissions from gas field.
A transitional snake from the Late Cretaceous period of North America.
Quantum phase transition in a resonant level coupled to interacting leads.
Epigenetics: stress makes its molecular mark.
Structural imprints in vivo decode RNA regulatory mechanisms.
[C] Mutational technologies: Engage public in gene-editing policy.
Single cell activity reveals direct electron transfer in methanotrophic consortia.
Recognition: Build a reputation.
Structure of the eukaryotic MCM complex at 3.8 A.
Structures of human phosphofructokinase-1 and atomic basis of cancer-associated mutations.
Particle physics: A weighty mass difference.
Single-cell messenger RNA sequencing reveals rare intestinal cell types.
Parent stem cells can serve as niches for their daughter cells.
Apiculture: Telling the bees.
The disappearing third dimension.
Through thick and thin.
Refining quantum cryptography.
Furtive approach rolls back the limits of quantum uncertainty.
Methodological challenges in the study of primate cognition.
Epigenetic licensing of germline gene expression by maternal RNA in C. elegans.
Second thoughts about CT imaging.
Saving for a rainy day.
A terminal Pleistocene child cremation and residential structure from eastern Beringia.
Island biology and ecosystem functioning in epiphytic soil communities.
Comment on" Foraging adaptation and the relationship between food-web complexity and stability".
Circadian rhythms: in the loop at last.
Response to Comment on" The Pentacovalent Phosphorus Intermediate of a Phosphoryl Transfer Reaction".
Equatorial retention of the contractile actin ring by microtubules during cytokinesis.
Microscopic dynamics of liquid aluminum oxide.
Gene therapy: new challenges ahead.
The cosmic production of helium.
Gambling on dopamine.
Infectious behavior in a parasitoid.
Left-right dynein motor implicated in selective chromatid segregation in mouse cells.
Sex-specific UV and fluorescence signals in jumping spiders.
Renewable energy sources and the realities of setting an energy agenda.
Characterizing the limits of human visual awareness.
Changes in regulation of a transcription factor lead to autogamy in cultivated tomatoes.
Search technologies for the Internet.
Large recurrent microdeletions associated with schizophrenia.
Broad phylogenomic sampling improves resolution of the animal tree of life.
Imaging in the era of molecular oncology.
TGF-&bgr;-induced Foxp3 inhibits TH17 cell differentiation by antagonizing ROR&ggr; t function.
The molecular neurobiology of depression.
The M2 splice isoform of pyruvate kinase is important for cancer metabolism and tumour growth.
Structure of a &bgr; 1-adrenergic G-protein-coupled receptor.
Three-dimensional optical metamaterial with a negative refractive index.
MicroRNA-21 contributes to myocardial disease by stimulating MAP kinase signalling in fibroblasts.
Superconductivity at 43 K in an iron-based layered compound LaO1-xFxFeAs.
Taming CH5+, the enfant terrible of chemical structures.
Shape-shifting liquid crystals.
Unique in the shopping mall: On the reidentifiability of credit card metadata.
Google [x] searches for ways to boost cancer immunotherapy.
Discrete functions of nuclear receptor Rev-erb couple metabolism to the clock.
Comment on A promiscuous intermediate underlies the evolution of LEAFY DNA binding specificity.
Managing mining of the deep seabed.
Late Pliocene fossiliferous sedimentary record and the environmental context of early Homo from Afar, Ethiopia.
The reinvigoration of the Southern Ocean carbon sink.
VSV-EBOV rapidly protects macaques against infection with the 2014/15 Ebola virus outbreak strain.
Human chromosome 11 DNA sequence and analysis including novel gene identification.
Earth science: The rise and growth of Tibet.
A primitive fish provides key characters bearing on deep osteichthyan phylogeny.
Outbred embryos rescue inbred half-siblings in mixed-paternity broods of live-bearing females.
Resonant slow fault slip in subduction zones forced by climatic load stress.
The trouble with replication.
Charon's radius and atmospheric constraints from observations of a stellar occultation.
Reducing stunting among children: the potential contribution of diagnostics.
Chemical biology: aptamers in nanoland.
Neutrophil elastase targets virulence factors of enterobacteria.
Netrin-1-mediated axon outgrowth requires deleted in colorectal cancer-dependent MAPK activation.
Annexin II light chain regulates sensory neuron-specific sodium channel expression.
Human chromosome 21 gene expression atlas in the mouse.
Structure of a T7 RNA polymerase elongation complex at 2.9  resolution.
Transmitter-evoked local calcium release stabilizes developing dendrites.
The cosmological density of baryons from observations of 3He&plus; in the Milky Way.
Materials science: nanomaterial advantage.
Contemporary fisherian life-history evolution in small salmonid populations.
Multiplicative computation in a visual neuron sensitive to looming.
Chirality-specific growth of single-walled carbon nanotubes on solid alloy catalysts.
Conformation-induced remote meta-CH activation of amines.
Tumour cell heterogeneity maintained by cooperating subclones in Wnt-driven mammary cancers.
Poly (A)-tail profiling reveals an embryonic switch in translational control.
Structural basis for hijacking CBF-[bgr] and CUL5 E3 ligase complex by HIV-1 Vif.
C11orf95-RELA fusions drive oncogenic NF-[kgr] B signalling in ependymoma.
Mammalian Y chromosomes retain widely expressed dosage-sensitive regulators.
Structural basis for Ca2+ selectivity of a voltage-gated calcium channel.
Polarized release of T-cell-receptor-enriched microvesicles at the immunological synapse.
Metastable liquid-liquid transition in a molecular model of water.
Spatio-temporal transcriptome of the human brain.
Increasing adult hippocampal neurogenesis is sufficient to improve pattern separation.
A closely packed system of low-mass, low-density planets transiting Kepler-11.
Single mimivirus particles intercepted and imaged with an X-ray laser.
Genome-wide mapping of 5-hydroxymethylcytosine in embryonic stem cells.
Non-canonical inflammasome activation targets caspase-11.
Adult hippocampal neurogenesis buffers stress responses and depressive behaviour.
A decade/'s perspective on DNA sequencing technology.
Heart regeneration.
Principles of activation and permeation in an anion-selective Cys-loop receptor.
Isolation and characterization of viruses related to the SARS coronavirus from animals in southern China.
Coherent quantum dynamics of a superconducting flux qubit.
Global trajectories of the long-term decline of coral reef ecosystems.
Defective CD8 T cell memory following acute infection without CD4 T cell help.
Induction of tumors in mice by genomic hypomethylation.
Electronic structure control of single-walled carbon nanotube functionalization.
Vertebrate microRNA genes.
A Bayesian networks approach for predicting protein-protein interactions from genomic data.
Design of a novel globular protein fold with atomic-level accuracy.
Triggering the interferon antiviral response through an IKK-related pathway.
Leukaemogenesis induced by an activating [bgr]-catenin mutation in osteoblasts.
Divergent angiocrine signals from vascular niche balance liver regeneration and fibrosis.
Quasiparticle engineering and entanglement propagation in a quantum many-body system.
The contribution of de novo coding mutations to autism spectrum disorder.
Inflammatory caspases are innate immune receptors for intracellular LPS.
Nanophotonic quantum phase switch with a single atom.
Structure of the human P2Y12 receptor in complex with an antithrombotic drug.
Intestinal crypt homeostasis revealed at single-stem-cell level by in vivo live imaging.
Synaptic, transcriptional and chromatin genes disrupted in autism.
HMGA2 functions as a competing endogenous RNA to promote lung cancer progression.
Cancer biology: infectious tumour cells.
Seismic reflection images of the Moho underlying melt sills at the East Pacific Rise.
Climate change: A sea change.
Verdict: Hwang's human stem cells were all fakes.
Disease surveillance needs a revolution.
Biomaterials: silk-like secretion from tarantula feet.
Granular materials: Packing grains by thermal cycling.
Health effects of egg donation may take decades to emerge.
Cash for papers: putting a premium on publication.
The evolution of climate over the last millennium.
A silent slip event on the deeper Cascadia subduction interface.
Predicting the mesophases of copolymer-nanoparticle composites.
Regional mu opioid receptor regulation of sensory and affective dimensions of pain.
Geometric manipulation of trapped ions for quantum computation.
Mapping of contralateral space in retinotopic coordinates by a parietal cortical area in humans.
Promotion of NEDD8-CUL1 conjugate cleavage by COP9 signalosome.
Migratory movements, depth preferences, and thermal biology of Atlantic bluefin tuna.
'Behavioral'addictions: do they exist?.
Water-induced fabric transitions in olivine.
Coral mucus functions as an energy carrier and particle trap in the reef ecosystem.
Active foundering of a continental arc root beneath the southern Sierra Nevada in California.
Planar cell polarity signalling controls cell division orientation during zebrafish gastrulation.
Routing of anisotropic spatial solitons and modulational instability in liquid crystals.
Routing of spike series by dynamic circuits in the hippocampus.
A proton pore in a potassium channel voltage sensor reveals a focused electric field.
Zinc transporter LIVI controls epithelial-mesenchymal transition in zebrafish gastrula organizer.
Photosynthetic microbial mats in the 3,416-Myr-old ocean.
Aldehyde suppression of copepod recruitment in blooms of a ubiquitous planktonic diatom.
Trigger factor in complex with the ribosome forms a molecular cradle for nascent proteins.
Reconstitution of DNA segregation driven by assembly of a prokaryotic actin homolog.
Stabilizing isopeptide bonds revealed in gram-positive bacterial pilus structure.
Porous semiconducting gels and aerogels from chalcogenide clusters.
Plastic and moldable metals by self-assembly of sticky nanoparticle aggregates.
Complex I binding by a virally encoded RNA regulates mitochondria-induced cell death.
Nanomechanical basis of selective gating by the nuclear pore complex.
A dinuclear Ni (-H) Ru complex derived from H2.
Inactivation of the interoceptive insula disrupts drug craving and malaise induced by lithium.
Regulation of B versus T lymphoid lineage fate decision by the proto-oncogene LRF.
Maplike representation of celestial E-vector orientations in the brain of an insect.
Developmental patterning by mechanical signals in Arabidopsis.
Robust, tunable biological oscillations from interlinked positive and negative feedback loops.
Colossal ionic conductivity at interfaces of epitaxial ZrO2: Y2O3/SrTiO3 heterostructures.
Activation of aldehyde dehydrogenase-2 reduces ischemic damage to the heart.
Gender similarities characterize math performance.
Lacking control increases illusory pattern perception.
Genomic plasticity and the diversity of polyploid plants.
Synaptic theory of working memory.
Genome-scale proteomics reveals Arabidopsis thaliana gene models and proteome dynamics.
The long-run benefits of punishment.
BFF's first adventure.
Plant biology: Coding in non-coding RNAs.
Publishing: Criteria for Nature Index questioned.
Mutant MHC class II epitopes drive therapeutic immune responses to cancer.
Water resources: Research network to track alpine water.
Transcription factor binding dynamics during human ES cell differentiation.
Perfection.
Guiding the folding pathway of DNA origami.
Start research on climate engineering.
Genetics: We are the 98%.
Sexually antagonistic genetic variation for fitness in red deer.
Cell biology: chromosome territories.
Symbolic arithmetic knowledge without instruction.
The significance of nitrification for oceanic new production.
Nature of the superconductorinsulator transition in disordered superconductors.
A giant planet orbiting the 'extreme horizontal branch'star V 391 Pegasi.
Legionella pneumophila proteins that regulate Rab1 membrane cycling.
Phagocyte-derived catecholamines enhance acute inflammatory injury.
Arginine methylation at histone H3R2 controls deposition of H3K4 trimethylation.
Regioselective one-pot protection of carbohydrates.
Sequencing of neuroblastoma identifies chromothripsis and defects in neuritogenesis genes.
Revealing structure and assembly cues for Arabidopsis root-inhabiting bacterial microbiota.
AMPK regulates NADPH homeostasis to promote tumour cell survival during energy stress.
Averting biodiversity collapse in tropical forest protected areas.
Colloids with valence and specific directional bonding.
Subgroup-specific structural variation across 1,000 medulloblastoma genomes.
The banana (Musa acuminata) genome and the evolution of monocotyledonous plants.
Functional screening identifies miRNAs inducing cardiac regeneration.
Peroxiredoxins are conserved markers of circadian rhythms.
IFITM3 restricts the morbidity and mortality associated with influenza.
How soft is a protein? A protein dynamics force constant measured by neutron scattering.
Posttranslational N-myristoylation of BID as a molecular switch for targeting mitochondria and apoptosis.
Rad6-dependent ubiquitination of histone H2B in yeast.
A global view of Martian surface compositions from MGS-TES.
Genetic suppression of polyglutamine toxicity in Drosophila.
Gene targeting by homologous recombination in Drosophila.
Satellite measurements of sea surface temperature through clouds.
[DOC][DOC] The manifold ways of perception.
Sedimentary rocks of early Mars.
When an entire country is a cohort.
A dusty, normal galaxy in the epoch of reionization.
Promoterless gene targeting without nucleases ameliorates haemophilia B in mice.
Grid cell symmetry is shaped by environmental geometry.
A naturally occurring variant of the human prion protein completely prevents prion disease.
Galaxies at redshifts 5 to 6 with systematically low dust content and high [lsqb] C ii [rsqb] emission.
The core spliceosome as target and effector of non-canonical ATM signalling.
Structure of the key species in the enzymatic oxidation of methane to methanol.
CEACAM1 regulates TIM-3-mediated tolerance and exhaustion.
Chromatin architecture reorganization during stem cell differentiation.
Role of TP53 mutations in the origin and evolution of therapy-related acute myeloid leukaemia.
Adult somatic stem cells in the human parasite Schistosoma mansoni.
Ecosystems: time to model all life on earth.
Global gender disparities in science.
Differential L1 regulation in pluripotent stem cells of humans and apes.
Energy policy: A low-carbon road map for China.
Scaling of embryonic patterning based on phase-gradient encoding.
RNAi triggered by specialized machinery silences developmental genes and retrotransposons.
Reproducibility: six red flags for suspect work.
Genetic incompatibilities are widespread within species.
Discovery of new enzymes and metabolic pathways by using structure and genome context.
Genome of the host-cell transforming parasite Theileria annulata compared with T. parva.
OSBP is a cholesterol-regulated scaffolding protein in control of ERK1/2 activation.
NMR structure of Mistic, a membrane-integrating protein for membrane protein expression.
Genetic factors in type 2 diabetes: the end of the beginning?.
Composition and dynamics of plasma in Saturn's magnetosphere.
Uncharged tRNA and sensing of amino acid deficiency in mammalian piriform cortex.
Stem cell depletion through epidermal deletion of Rac1.
Dependence of olfactory bulb neurogenesis on prokineticin 2 signaling.
Small-molecule inhibition of TNF-.
Weather forecasting with ensemble methods.
Progress in measuring subjective well-being.
Selecting the direction of sound transmission.
Can disparities be deadly?.
Mapmakers and navigators, facts and values.
Simplicity amid complexity.
Gut instinct.
The atoms of neural computation.
Attack of the clones.
Sensing biodiversity.
Feedback control of chromosome separation by a midzone Aurora B gradient.
Eddy-driven stratification initiates North Atlantic spring phytoplankton blooms.
A local proton source enhances CO2 electroreduction to CO by a molecular Fe catalyst.
Closed-loop control of epilepsy by transcranial electrical stimulation.
Secreted kinase phosphorylates extracellular proteins that regulate biomineralization.
Small gold clusters formed in solution give reaction turnover numbers of 107 at room temperature.
Ultrastrong coupling of the cyclotron transition of a 2D electron gas to a THz metamaterial.
Generic indicators for loss of resilience before a tipping point leading to population collapse.
Coherent sensing of a mechanical resonator with a single-spin qubit.
GSK3-TIP60-ULK1 signaling pathway links growth factor deprivation to autophagy.
Structural basis for DNA damagedependent poly (ADP-ribosyl) ation by human PARP-1.
Prion propagation and toxicity in vivo occur in two distinct mechanistic phases.
Atomic-level modelling of the HIV capsid.
Crystal structure of a copper-transporting PIB-type ATPase.
Synthetic chromosome arms function in yeast and generate phenotypic diversity by design.
Implementation of a Toffoli gate with superconducting circuits.
Resonances arising from hydrodynamic memory in Brownian motion.
A function for cyclin D1 in DNA repair uncovered by protein interactome analyses in human cancers.
Mechanical strain in actin networks regulates FilGAP and integrin binding to filamin A.
Academic and industry research progress in germanium nanodevices.
Assembly of hybrid photonic architectures from nanophotonic constituents.
Combinatorial binding predicts spatio-temporal cis-regulatory activity.
Resolvin D2 is a potent regulator of leukocytes and controls microbial sepsis.
Supernova 2007bi as a pair-instability explosion.
An agenda for personalized medicine.
The Schistosoma japonicum genome reveals features of hostparasite interplay.
Adaptation and diversification on islands.
Pore architecture and ion sites in acid-sensing ion channels and P2X receptors.
Epigenetic reversion of post-implantation epiblast to pluripotent embryonic stem cells.
Subcellular homeostasis of phytohormone auxin is mediated by the ER-localized PIN5 transporter.
An ancient light-harvesting protein is critical for the regulation of algal photosynthesis.
Localized sources of water vapour on the dwarf planet (1)[thinsp] Ceres.
Therapeutic targeting of BET bromodomain proteins in castration-resistant prostate cancer.
Sphingolipid metabolites in inflammatory disease.
Clonal selection in the germinal centre by regulated proliferation and hypermutation.
PIWI proteins and PIWI-interacting RNAs in the soma.
NMDA receptor structures reveal subunit arrangement and pore architecture.
Drought sensitivity of Amazonian carbon balance revealed by atmospheric measurements.
Controlled synthesis of single-chirality carbon nanotubes.
[C] The rechargeable revolution: A better battery..
Aryl hydrocarbon receptor control of a disease tolerance defence pathway.
A two-solar-mass neutron star measured using Shapiro delay.
Integrating common and rare genetic variation in diverse human populations.
Origins and functional impact of copy number variation in the human genome.
Global threats to human water security and river biodiversity.
The birth of topological insulators.
Epigenetic memory in induced pluripotent stem cells.
Mesenchymal and haematopoietic stem cells form a unique bone marrow niche.
Simultaneous phase and size control of upconversion nanocrystals through lanthanide doping.
Quantum computers.
Catastrophic cascade of failures in interdependent networks.
Abolition and reversal of strain differences in behavioral responses to drugs of abuse after a brief experience.
Promiscuity and the primate immune system.
Journey to the center of biology.
Chromatin-independent nuclear envelope assembly induced by Ran GTPase in Xenopus egg extracts.
Will tribal knowledge survive the millennium?.
Structure of the S15, S6, S18-rRNA complex: assembly of the 30S ribosome central domain.
Optically defined multifunctional patterning of photosensitive thin-film silica mesophases.
Molecular linkage underlying microtubule orientation toward cortical sites in yeast.
Strange magnetism and the anapole structure of the proton.
Direct coupling between meiotic DNA replication and recombination initiation.
Plant recognition of symbiotic bacteria requires two LysM receptor-like kinases.
Crystal structure of human cytochrome P450 2C9 with bound warfarin.
Quantum key distribution using gaussian-modulated coherent states.
Demonstration of conditional gate operation using superconducting charge qubits.
Balanced inhibition underlies tuning and sharpens spike timing in auditory cortex.
Subsecond dopamine release promotes cocaine seeking.
CYLD is a deubiquitinating enzyme that negatively regulates NF-B activation by TNFR family members.
DNA damage and repair.
An extended upper atmosphere around the extrasolar planet HD209458b.
Protein analysis on a proteomic scale.
Do the tropics rule?.
Some like it hot.
Waiting for organ transplantation.
Helsinki's new clinical rules: fewer placebos, more disclosure.
When pharma merges, R&D is the dowry.
Inositol phosphates in the nucleus.
Treaty takes a POP at the dirty dozen.
Molecules at rest.
[C] Scientific whaling: source of illegal products for market?.
The incredible life and times of biological cells.
The N-end rule pathway as a nitric oxide sensor controlling the levels of multiple regulators.
Chemical structure and biological activity of the Caenorhabditis elegans dauer-inducing pheromone.
Morphine reward in dopamine-deficient mice.
A universal trend of amino acid gain and loss in protein evolution.
Crystal structure of thymine DNA glycosylase conjugated to SUMO-1.
A disk of dust and molecular gas around a high-mass protostar.
A colonization factor links Vibrio cholerae environmental survival and human infection.
Changes in carbon dioxide during an oceanic anoxic event linked to intrusion into Gondwana coals.
Two pathways converge at CED-10 to mediate actin rearrangement and corpse removal in C. elegans.
New material of the earliest hominid from the Upper Miocene of Chad.
A natural product that lowers cholesterol as an antagonist ligand for FXR.
RNA-dependent RNA polymerases, viruses, and RNA silencing.
Molecule cascades.
Oxidation-resistant gold-55 clusters.
Specialized DNA polymerases, cellular survival, and the genesis of mutations.
The salinity, temperature, and 18O of the glacial deep ocean.
Requirement of the activation-induced deaminase (AID) gene for immunoglobulin gene conversion.
Calibration of sulfate levels in the Archean ocean.
Visualization of a Ran-GTP gradient in interphase and mitotic Xenopus egg extracts.
A role for skin  T cells in wound repair.
Polarization of the effects of autoimmune and neurodegenerative risk alleles in leukocytes.
Activating hotspot L205R mutation in PRKACA and adrenal Cushing's syndrome.
Break-induced replication repair of damaged forks induces genomic duplications in human cells.
Promoter-bound trinucleotide repeat mRNA drives epigenetic silencing in fragile X syndrome.
A dual-catalysis approach to enantioselective [2+ 2] photocycloadditions using visible light.
Phylogenomics resolves the timing and pattern of insect evolution.
Composition of isolated synaptic boutons reveals the amounts of vesicle trafficking proteins.
Mechanisms of reef coral resistance to future climate change.
Self-accelerating CO sorption in a soft nanoporous crystal.
Humanity's unsustainable environmental footprint.
Non-English papers decrease rankings.
Synthetic genomes: The next step for the synthetic genome.
The Soret effect and isotopic fractionation in high-temperature silicate melts.
Societal collapse: Drought and the Maya.
Scavenger turned predator: European vultures' altered behaviour.
Supramolecular chemistry: Bigger and better synthesis.
Cell signalling: Binding the receptor at both ends.
Collective behaviour: when it pays to share decisions.
Developmental biology: a mouse is not a cow.
Neuroscience: transcranial devices are not playthings.
[C] Developmental biology: support mothers to secure future public health.
[C] Circular RNAs throw genetics for a loop..
The medical testing crisis.
Biogeochemistry: Carbon dioxide and water use in forests.
A new breed.
Perspective: assembly line immunotherapy.
Carbon monoxide in clouds at low metallicity in the dwarf irregular galaxy WLM.
The role of epistasis in protein evolution.
Microbiome: Soil science comes to life.
Control of axon branch dynamics by correlated activity in vivo.
Recent trends in Arctic surface, cloud, and radiation properties from space.
Hirschsprung disease is linked to defects in neural crest stem cell function.
Tracheal respiration in insects visualized with synchrotron X-ray imaging.
Cooling Bose-Einstein condensates below 500 picokelvin.
Fluids from aging ocean crust that support microbial life.
Bypassing a kinase activity with an ATP-competitive drug.
Tidally controlled stick-slip discharge of a West Antarctic ice.
Large trench-parallel gravity variations predict seismogenic behavior in subduction zones.
A young white dwarf companion to pulsar B1620-26: evidence for early planet formation.
A gain-of-function mutation in a cytokinin receptor triggers spontaneous root nodule organogenesis.
Ketamine-induced loss of phenotype of fast-spiking interneurons is mediated by NADPH-oxidase.
Chimpanzees are rational maximizers in an ultimatum game.
Recombination and the nature of bacterial speciation.
Yeast DNA polymerase  participates in leading-strand DNA replication.
Evolutionary dynamics of immune-related genes and pathways in disease-vector mosquitoes.
Reversible switching of hydrogel-actuated nanostructures into complex micropatterns.
The problem with determining atomic structure at the nanoscale.
Yeast Rtt109 promotes genome stability by acetylating histone H3 on lysine 56.
Anatomy and dynamics of a supramolecular membrane protein cluster.
Crystalline inorganic frameworks with 56-ring, 64-ring, and 72-ring channels.
Europe-wide dampening of population cycles in keystone herbivores.
A histone mutant reproduces the phenotype caused by loss of histone-modifying factor Polycomb.
Authigenic carbonate and the history of the global carbon cycle.
Geometric frustration of icosahedron in metallic glasses.
Deep homology of arthropod central complex and vertebrate basal ganglia.
Search for the Exit: Voyager 1 at Heliosphere's Border with the Galaxy.
Photon-mediated interactions between distant artificial atoms.
Low-pass DNA sequencing of 1200 Sardinians reconstructs European Y-chromosome phylogeny.
Role of tissue protection in lethal respiratory viral-bacterial coinfection.
Whole [hyphen] genome sequencing identifies EN1 as a determinant of bone density and fracture.
A global reference for human genetic variation.
Good for something.
Impermanence of dendritic spines in live adult CA1 hippocampus.
[C] Evolution: Beauty varies with the light.
Cancer immunotherapy: Dendritic-cell vaccines on the move.
Global effects of land use on local terrestrial biodiversity.
Lab budgets: A numbers game.
Earth science: Mixing it up in the mantle.
Integrator mediates the biogenesis of enhancer RNAs.
Lesions of the human amygdala impair enhanced perception of emotionally salient events.
Natural products and plant disease resistance.
Bradykinin and nerve growth factor release the capsaicin receptor from PtdIns (4, 5) P2-mediated inhibition.
Genome sequence of Yersinia pestis, the causative agent of plague.
Isochorismate synthase is required to synthesize salicylic acid for plant defence.
Genomic binding sites of the yeast cell-cycle transcription factors SBF and MBF.
Interleukin-1-mediated induction of Cox-2 in the CNS contributes to inflammatory pain hypersensitivity.
Partitioning selection and complementarity in biodiversity experiments.
The proteinprotein interaction map of Helicobacter pylori.
Identification of a receptor mediating Nogo-66 inhibition of axonal regeneration.
Multiple fitness peaks on the adaptive landscape drive adaptive radiation in the wild.
Lewis acidity of organofluorophosphonium salts: Hydrodefluorination by a saturated acceptor.
Active atmosphere-ecosystem exchange of the vast majority of detected volatile organic compounds.
Continuous permeability measurements record healing inside the Wenchuan earthquake fault zone.
Dual molecular signals mediate the bacterial response to outer-membrane stress.
Root effect hemoglobin may have evolved to enhance general tissue oxygen delivery.
Paths from Pesticides to Parkinson's.
Imaging atomic rearrangements in two-dimensional silica glass: Watching silica's dance.
Allele-specific silencing of mutant Myh6 transcripts in mice suppresses hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
The missing mountain water: slower westerlies decrease orographic enhancement in the Pacific Northwest USA.
Did early humans go north or south?.
Direct control of germline stem cell division and cyst growth by neural insulin in Drosophila.
Chronic lymphocytic inflammation specifies the organ tropism of prions.
Wet electrons at the H2O/TiO2 (110) surface.
Evidence for ectopic neurotransmission at a neuronal synapse.
Representation of visual gravitational motion in the human vestibular cortex.
Organization of iron-sulfur clusters in respiratory complex I.
Rapid formation of sulfuric acid particles at near-atmospheric conditions.
A homolog of Drosophila grainy head is essential for epidermal integrity in mice.
Contact-dependent inhibition of growth in Escherichia coli.
Increased structure and active learning reduce the achievement gap in introductory biology.
Pure reasoning in 12-month-old infants as probabilistic inference.
Stress-related noradrenergic activity prompts large-scale neural network reconfiguration.
Mutagenic processing of ribonucleotides in DNA by yeast topoisomerase I.
Enhancement of consolidated long-term memory by overexpression of protein kinase M in the neocortex.
Very large capacitance enhancement in a two-dimensional electron system.
The unusual nature of recent snowpack declines in the North American Cordillera.
Late interleukin-6 escalates T follicular helper cell responses and controls a chronic viral infection.
Lvy walks evolve through interaction between movement and environmental complexity.
Probing individual environmental bacteria for viruses by using microfluidic digital PCR.
The hologenomic basis of speciation: gut bacteria cause hybrid lethality in the genus Nasonia.
The spatial and temporal origin of chandelier cells in mouse neocortex.
A histone acetylation switch regulates H2A. Z deposition by the SWR-C remodeling enzyme.
A thermoelectric heat engine with ultracold atoms.
Phosphoinositide 3-kinase  gene mutation predisposes to respiratory infection and airway damage.
A quantum many-body spin system in an optical lattice clock.
Cerebral asymmetry and language development: cause, correlate, or consequence?.
Determining benefits and costs for future generations.
Efficient generation of H2 by splitting water with an isothermal redox cycle.
Circadian gene Bmal1 regulates diurnal oscillations of Ly6Chi inflammatory monocytes.
Segmented lateral dyke growth in a rifting event at Bar [eth] arbunga volcanic system, Iceland.
C.[thinsp] elegans Punctin specifies cholinergic versus GABAergic identity of postsynaptic domains.
Mechanism of Tc toxin action revealed in molecular detail.
Renewable energy: Back the renewables boom.
[C] Ebola drug trials set to begin amid crisis..
DENR-MCT-1 promotes translation re-initiation downstream of uORFs to control tissue growth.
Sensory-evoked LTP driven by dendritic plateau potentials in vivo.
Convergent evolution of a fused sexual cycle promotes the haploid lifestyle.
Instrumentation for the detection and characterization of exoplanets.
Inappropriate p53 activation during development induces features of CHARGE syndrome.
Applied physics: A leak of information.
Global warming: why the 2 C goal is a political delusion.
Stem cells: Tailor-made diseased neurons.
Global change: China at the carbon crossroads.
Evolutionary genomics: A positive becomes a negative.
Metalloproteins.
Astrophysics: Burst of support for relativity.
Ecology: towards a theory of biodiversity.
Science journalism: Toppling the priesthood.
The future for fisheries.
Farmers and their languages: the first expansions.
The dog genome: survey sequencing and comparative analysis.
Proteomic screen finds pSer/pThr-binding domain localizing Plk1 to mitotic substrates.
Initiation and synergistic fibrillization of tau and alpha-synuclein.
Nitrogen and climate change.
Do defaults save lives?.
Positional cloning of the human quantitative trait locus underlying taste sensitivity to phenylthiocarbamide.
Cell therapy of -sarcoglycan null dystrophic mice through intra-arterial delivery of mesoangioblasts.
Aging and genome maintenance: lessons from the mouse?.
Climate change: Too much of a bad thing.
Supramolecular chemistry: Phosphorus caged.
Plan B for Copenhagen.
The phantom menace of gene patents.
Being human: kinship: race relations.
Pelvic claspers confirm chondrichthyan-like internal fertilization in arthrodires.
Universities need a new social contract.
Climate change: Beyond the CO2 connection.
Pandemics: good hygiene is not enough.
Science journalism: Too close for comfort.
The tyrosine phosphatase PTPN14 (Pez) inhibits metastasis by altering protein trafficking.
FOXP1 potentiates Wnt/-catenin signaling in diffuse large B cell lymphoma.
Constitutive production of c-di-GMP is associated with mutations in a variant of Pseudomonas aeruginosa with altered membrane composition.
T lymphocyte regulation by mevalonate metabolism.
The E3 ubiquitin ligase Itch inhibits p38 signaling and skin inflammation through the ubiquitylation of Tab1.
An analysis of critical factors for quantitative immunoblotting.
Molecular recognition of ketamine by a subset of olfactory G proteincoupled receptors.
Combined cardiomyocyte PKC and PKC gene deletion uncovers their central role in restraining developmental and reactive heart growth.
Dynamic phosphoproteomics reveals TORC1-dependent regulation of yeast nucleotide and amino acid biosynthesis.
HER2-mTOR signalingdriven breast cancer cells require ER-associated degradation to survive.
The end of deforestation in the Brazilian Amazon.
Nutrient imbalances in agricultural development.
Recursive processes in self-affirmation: Intervening to close the minority achievement gap.
Manganese-and iron-dependent marine methane oxidation.
Unbiased reconstruction of a mammalian transcriptional network mediating pathogen responses.
Consecutive thermal H2 and light-induced O2 evolution from water promoted by a metal complex.
Shor's quantum factoring algorithm on a photonic chip.
Economic networks: The new challenges.
Mapping human genetic diversity in Asia.
Global cooling during the Eocene-Oligocene climate transition.
Chemical biology: Catalytic detoxification.
Natural polymorphisms in C. elegans HECW-1 E3 ligase affect pathogen avoidance behaviour.
Genomics: Drugs, diabetes and cancer.
[DOC][DOC] Reactors, residents and risk.
Applied physics: Controlled incandescence.
Biomarkers: warning signs.
Stigma impedes AIDS prevention.
Risk factors: Nanomaterials should be defined.
Preventing hunger: biotechnology is key.
Evolutionary biology: When life got big.
Sandwich films: Properties of a new soft magnetic material.
Effect of climate change relative to ozone depletion on UV exposure in subarctic lakes.
Old radiocarbon ages in the southwest Pacific Ocean during the last glacial period and deglaciation.
Influencing intramolecular motion with an alternating electric field.
Invasive alga reaches California.
Neuronal switching of sensorimotor transformations for antisaccades.
Efficient organic photovoltaic diodes based on doped pentacene.
Materials: Creating the narrowest carbon nanotubes.
An artificial landscape-scale fishery in the Bolivian Amazon.
Somatic control over the germline stem cell lineage during Drosophila spermatogenesis.
Mutations in the FUS/TLS gene on chromosome 16 cause familial amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Growth factors, matrices, and forces combine and control stem cells.
Iron-based catalysts with improved oxygen reduction activity in polymer electrolyte fuel cells.
Mutations in FUS, an RNA processing protein, cause familial amyotrophic lateral sclerosis type 6.
Nitrous oxide (N2O): the dominant ozone-depleting substance emitted in the 21st century.
N-doping of graphene through electrothermal reactions with ammonia.
Structure of P-glycoprotein reveals a molecular basis for poly-specific drug binding.
Rebuilding global fisheries.
Bacterial community variation in human body habitats across space and time.
Evolution of organic aerosols in the atmosphere.
Wireless solar water splitting using silicon-based semiconductors and earth-abundant catalysts.
Photodetection with active optical antennas.
Transient regenerative potential of the neonatal mouse heart.
Single-cell mass cytometry of differential immune and drug responses across a human hematopoietic continuum.
The world's technological capacity to store, communicate, and compute information.
How fast-folding proteins fold.
Beyond predictions: biodiversity conservation in a changing climate.
CD40 agonists alter tumor stroma and show efficacy against pancreatic carcinoma in mice and humans.
Metagenomic discovery of biomass-degrading genes and genomes from cow rumen.
Wafer-scale graphene integrated circuit.
Preschool matters.
Evidence of a global magma ocean in Io's interior.
A crystal structure of the complex between human complement receptor 2 and its ligand C3d.
Teaching creative science thinking.
The competitive advantage of a dual-transporter system.
Conserved eukaryotic fusogens can fuse viral envelopes to cells.
High relatedness is necessary and sufficient to maintain multicellularity in Dictyostelium.
Scientific consensus on great quake came too late.
Response to comment on The mechanism for activation of GTP hydrolysis on the ribosome.
Viviparity and K-selected life history in a Mesozoic marine plesiosaur (Reptilia, Sauropterygia).
Small molecule-induced allosteric activation of the Vibrio cholerae RTX cysteine protease domain.
Segregation of axial motor and sensory pathways via heterotypic trans-axonal signaling.
4D electron diffraction reveals correlated unidirectional behavior in zinc oxide nanowires.
[C] Insights into the pathogenesis of autism.
Hybrid neurons in a microRNA mutant are putative evolutionary intermediates in insect CO2 sensory systems.
Recognition of a ubiquitous self antigen by prostate cancer-infiltrating CD8+ T lymphocytes.
Elastic anisotropy of Earth's inner core.
Fossil pollen as a guide to conservation in the Galpagos.
Compromised survivorship in zoo elephants.
Flexible energetics of cheetah hunting strategies provide resistance against kleptoparasitism.
Anxiety-like behavior in crayfish is controlled by serotonin.
FoxP influences the speed and accuracy of a perceptual decision in Drosophila.
Monitoring parasite diversity for malaria elimination in sub-Saharan Africa.
Synthesis and detection of a seaborgium carbonyl complex.
Hepatitis C can be cured globally, but at what cost.
How the ribosome hands the A-site tRNA to the P site during EF-Gcatalyzed translocation.
Intracellular sensing of complement C3 activates cell autonomous immunity.
Recombination initiation maps of individual human genomes.
A common cellular basis for muscle regeneration in arthropods and vertebrates.
Real-space imaging of two-dimensional antiferromagnetism on the atomic scale.
Lack of a role for iron in the Lyme disease pathogen.
Genomic analysis of gene expression in C. elegans.
Three-dimensional structure of the Tn5 synaptic complex transposition intermediate.
Quantitative imaging of lateral ErbB1 receptor signal propagation in the plasma membrane.
HIV infection and dementia.
A Drosophila complementary DNA resource.
VirB/D4-dependent protein translocation from Agrobacterium into plant cells.
Modulation of brain reward circuitry by leptin.
On the origin of internal structure of word forms.
Mars north polar deposits: Stratigraphy, age, and geodynamical response.
Neodymium-142 evidence for Hadean mafic crust.
Observation of atomic diffusion at twin-modified grain boundaries in copper.
Gene regulation in the third dimension.
Extending the sub-sea-floor biosphere.
Biology, politics, and the emerging science of human nature.
De novo formation of a subnuclear body.
Lhx2 selector activity specifies cortical identity and suppresses hippocampal organizer fate.
Myosin I can act as a molecular force sensor.
Copernican challenges face those who suggest that collaboration, not computation are the driving energy for socio-technical systems that characterize Web 2.0.
Thrombin signalling and protease-activated receptors.
CD95's deadly mission in the immune system.
Apoptosis in the nervous system.
Conservation of the sequence and temporal expression of let-7 heterochronic regulatory RNA.
A marine microbial consortium apparently mediating anaerobic oxidation of methane.
Direct measurement of electrical transport through DNA molecules.
Global patterns in biodiversity.
Roles of PPARs in health and disease.
The diversitystability debate.
Fabrication of photonic crystals for the visible spectrum by holographic lithography.
A flat Universe from high-resolution maps of the cosmic microwave background radiation.
Simulating dynamical features of escape panic.
The DNA damage response: putting checkpoints in perspective.
Acceleration of global warming due to carbon-cycle feedbacks in a coupled climate model.
Construction of a genetic toggle switch in Escherichia coli.
Consequences of changing biodiversity.
Lateral gene transfer and the nature of bacterial innovation.
Proteomics to study genes and genomes.
Optical gain in silicon nanocrystals.
Genomics, gene expression and DNA arrays.
Nanoscale Fe2O3-based catalysts for selective hydrogenation of nitroarenes to anilines.
Human LilrB2 is a -amyloid receptor and its murine homolog PirB regulates synaptic plasticity in an Alzheimer's model.
A long-lived relativistic electron storage ring embedded in Earth's outer Van Allen belt.
Reprogramming of intestinal glucose metabolism and glycemic control in rats after gastric bypass.
High-resolution mapping of the spatial organization of a bacterial chromosome.
Caffeine in floral nectar enhances a pollinator's memory of reward.
Mapping of functional groups in metal-organic frameworks.
T follicular helper cell dynamics in germinal centers.
Bacterial subversion of host innate immune pathways.
Complete mitochondrial genomes of ancient canids suggest a European origin of domestic dogs.
Streptococcal M1 protein constructs a pathological host fibrinogen network.
From isotopes to the stars.
Molecular computing: DNA as a logic operator.
The role of dyking and fault control in the rapid onset of eruption at Chaitn volcano, Chile.
A giant Ordovician anomalocaridid.
Search needs a shake-up.
Lessons from polio eradication.
[C] Cancer: Missing the mark..
Extreme measures.
Broad-line active galactic nuclei rotate faster than narrow-line ones.
Cancer: Risk factors and random chances.
HIV: Seeking ultimate victory.
Two-channel Kondo effect and renormalization flow with macroscopic quantum charge states.
G-protein-independent coupling of MC4R to Kir7. 1 in hypothalamic neurons.
Robotics: Countering singularity sensationalism.
Pollution: Uncouple from economy boom.
Design, fabrication and control of soft robots.
Evolutionary biology: The origin of terrestrial hearing.
Biodiversity: Include freshwater species.
In retrospect: Book of optics.
Turning point: Stacey Gabriel.
Structure of a eukaryotic SWEET transporter in a homotrimeric complex.
Small-scale filament eruptions as the driver of X-ray jets in solar coronal holes.
Erratum: Antarctic glaciation caused ocean circulation changes at the Eocene-Oligocene transition.
The origin and early phylogenetic history of jawed vertebrates.
mTORC1-mediated translational elongation limits intestinal tumour initiation and growth.
Corridors.
Medical history: Pioneer of polio eradication.
Reducing the energy cost of human walking using an unpowered exoskeleton.
Molecular biology: RNA interference hangs by a thread.
Structural basis of water-specific transport through the AQP1 water channel.
Dynamics of collapsing and exploding BoseEinstein condensates.
Hierarchical self-assembly of metal nanostructures on diblock copolymer scaffolds.
BoseEinstein condensation on a microelectronic chip.
Coexistence of superconductivity and ferromagnetism in URhGe.
Programmed cell death, mitochondria and the plant hypersensitive response.
Transatlantic robot-assisted telesurgery.
Rapid changes of glacial climate simulated in a coupled climate model.
How the olfactory system makes sense of scents.
Spatial awareness is a function of the temporal not the posterior parietal lobe.
Genetic effects on sperm design in the zebra finch.
Advanced optics in a jellyfish eye.
Another continental pool in the terrestrial silicon cycle.
Fractures as the main pathways of water flow in temperate glaciers.
Cash interests taint drug advice.
Morphological differences between Saturn's ultraviolet aurorae and those of Earth and Jupiter.
A resolved outflow of matter from a brown dwarf.
Photoperiodic induction of synchronous flowering near the Equator.
Raman injection laser.
Robust habit learning in the absence of awareness and independent of the medial temporal lobe.
Evidence for a functional second thymus in mice.
The polarity protein Par-3 directly interacts with p75NTR to regulate myelination.
Iron-rich post-perovskite and the origin of ultralow-velocity zones.
Waterborne infectious diseasescould they be consigned to history?.
Anticipatory reproduction and population growth in seed predators.
Kaposi's sarcoma-associated herpesvirus fusion-entry receptor: cystine transporter xCT.
Cyclopropenylidenes: from interstellar space to an isolated derivative in the laboratory.
Greater disruption due to failure of inhibitory control on an ambiguous distractor.
Abundance distributions imply elevated complexity of post-Paleozoic marine ecosystems.
Drilling to gabbro in intact ocean crust.
The total synthesis of (-)-cyanthiwigin F by means of double catalytic enantioselective alkylation.
Nanoscale double emulsions stabilized by single-component block copolypeptides.
Structure of the 30S translation initiation complex.
Multi-genetic events collaboratively contribute to Pten-null leukaemia stem-cell formation.
Single-stranded DNA-binding protein hSSB1 is critical for genomic stability.
On the spontaneous emergence of cell polarity.
Abscisic acid controls calcium-dependent egress and development in Toxoplasma gondii.
Small phonon contribution to the photoemission kink in the copper oxide superconductors.
Mediation of the solar wind termination shock by non-thermal ions.
Prolyl 4-hydroxylation regulates Argonaute 2 stability.
Paleoclimatic evidence for future ice-sheet instability and rapid sea-level rise.
Size matters more than chemistry for cloud-nucleating ability of aerosol particles.
Metagenomics to paleogenomics: large-scale sequencing of mammoth DNA.
Niche partitioning among Prochlorococcus ecotypes along ocean-scale environmental gradients.
Volatile signaling in plant-plant interactions:" talking trees" in the genomics era.
Tests of general relativity from timing the double pulsar.
A topoisomerase II-mediated dsDNA break required for regulated transcription.
An SNP caused loss of seed shattering during rice domestication.
Heterogeneous three-dimensional electronics by use of printed semiconductor nanomaterials.
Bacterial dehalorespiration with chlorinated benzenes.
Regulation of intracellular calcium by a signalling complex of IRAG, IP3 receptor and cGMP kinase I.
Roles of E. coli DNA polymerases IV and V in lesion-targeted and untargeted SOS mutagenesis.
Generation and detection of phase-coherent current-driven magnons in magnetic multilayers.
Altered brain response to verbal learning following sleep deprivation.
The origin of red algae and the evolution of chloroplasts.
A highly unsaturated fatty acid predicts carbon transfer between primary producers and consumers.
Self-organizing processes: The sound of many hands clapping.
Image reconstructions of helical assemblies of the HIV-1 CA protein.
Ion permeation mechanism of the potassium channel.
Group II introns designed to insert into therapeutically relevant DNA target sites in human cells.
The nature of pristine noble gases in mantle plumes.
Planar hexacoordinate carbon: a viable possibility.
A myosin I isoform in the nucleus.
A sting in the tail of electron tracks.
CLAVATA3, a multimeric ligand for the CLAVATA1 receptor-kinase.
Activation of the DNA replication checkpoint through RNA synthesis by primase.
The fall, recovery, orbit, and composition of the Tagish Lake meteorite: A new type of carbonaceous chondrite.
Taming superacids: stabilization of the fullerene cations HC60+ and C60+.
Shaped ceramics with tunable magnetic properties from metal-containing polymers.
Following gene duplication, paralog interference constrains transcriptional circuit evolution.
Global change and mercury.
Networks of bZIP protein-protein interactions diversified over a billion years of evolution.
Predispositions and plasticity in music and speech learning: neural correlates and implications.
Archaeal (per) chlorate reduction at high temperature: an interplay of biotic and abiotic reactions.
Dynamically reshaping signaling networks to program cell fate via genetic controllers.
Dental morphology and the phylogenetic place of Australopithecus sediba.
Geniculocortical input drives genetic distinctions between primary and higher-order visual areas.
The Amborella genome and the evolution of flowering plants.
Revising China's environmental law.
Treatment of ischemic brain damage by perturbing NMDA receptor-PSD-95 protein interactions.
Direct patterning of modified oligonucleotides on metals and insulators by dip-pen nanolithography.
Nonvolcanic deep tremor associated with subduction in southwest Japan.
Role for stearoyl-CoA desaturase-1 in leptin-mediated weight loss.
Nitrogenase MoFe-protein at 1.16  resolution: a central ligand in the FeMo-cofactor.
Immunity-related genes and gene families in Anopheles gambiae.
Chemical synthesis of poliovirus cDNA: generation of infectious virus in the absence of natural template.
Practical approaches to green solvents.
Evidence of HIV-1 adaptation to HLA-restricted immune responses at a population level.
A four unit cell periodic pattern of quasi-particle states surrounding vortex cores in Bi2Sr2CaCu2O8+ .
The Toll-like receptor 2 pathway establishes colonization by a commensal of the human microbiota.
Local macrophage proliferation, rather than recruitment from the blood, is a signature of TH2 inflammation.
The ecoresponsive genome of Daphnia pulex.
Synaptic pruning by microglia is necessary for normal brain development.
Structure of an agonist-bound human A2A adenosine receptor.
Comparing photosynthetic and photovoltaic efficiencies and recognizing the potential for improvement.
Microresonator-based optical frequency combs.
A perovskite oxide optimized for oxygen evolution catalysis from molecular orbital principles.
Detecting novel associations in large data sets.
Lowering the temperature of solid oxide fuel cells.
A periodicity of 1 hour in X-ray emission from the active galaxy RE J1034+ 396.
Paracrine Wingless signalling controls self-renewal of Drosophila intestinal stem cells.
Late Pliocene Greenland glaciation controlled by a decline in atmospheric CO2 levels.
Clathrin is a key regulator of basolateral polarity.
The transpiration of water at negative pressures in a synthetic tree.
The rise of atmospheric oxygen.
Highly efficient molybdenum-based catalysts for enantioselective alkene metathesis.
Adaptive coding of visual information in neural populations.
Structure of the Tribolium castaneum telomerase catalytic subunit TERT.
The structural basis for an essential subunit interaction in influenza virus RNA polymerase.
RIM1 forms a protein scaffold for regulating neurotransmitter release at the active zone.
Variable effects of nitrogen additions on the stability and turnover of soil carbon.
Three-dimensional X-ray structural microscopy with submicrometre resolution.
Non-redundant role of the long pentraxin PTX3 in anti-fungal innate immune response.
Fibulin-5/DANCE is essential for elastogenesis in vivo.
A first-generation linkage disequilibrium map of human chromosome 22.
The failing heart.
Structural basis for the recognition of hydroxyproline in HIF-1 by pVHL.
Nuclear fusion: Fast heating scalable to laser fusion ignition.
Targeted pharmacological depletion of serum amyloid P component for treatment of human amyloidosis.
Staphylococcus [dgr]-toxin induces allergic skin disease by activating mast cells.
Small effect of water on upper-mantle rheology based on silicon self-diffusion coefficients.
Structure of the proton-gated urea channel from the gastric pathogen Helicobacter pylori.
Climatic control of bedrock river incision.
A conformational switch in HP1 releases auto-inhibition to drive heterochromatin assembly.
Late-twentieth-century emergence of the El Nio propagation asymmetry and future projections.
USP33 regulates centrosome biogenesis via deubiquitination of the centriolar protein CP110.
Perspective: Casting light on sleep deficiency.
tmc-1 encodes a sodium-sensitive channel required for salt chemosensation in C. elegans.
Computing: A vision for data science.
The Santa Barbara Basin is a symbiosis oasis.
Neurophysiology: Good memories of bad events in infancy.
Integration of target and body-part information in the premotor cortex when planning action.
Magnetoresistance from quantum interference effects in ferromagnets.
Ecology goes underground.
How self-tolerance and the immunosuppressive drug FK506 prevent B-cell mitogenesis.
A neuronal analogue of state-dependent learning.
Biogeochemistry: hexadecane decay by methanogenesis.
Adaptive plasticity in mate preference linked to differences in reproductive effort.
[C] Gaining light from silicon.
Conformational dynamics of a class C G-protein-coupled receptor.
IL-17-producing [ggr][dgr] T cells and neutrophils conspire to promote breast cancer metastasis.
eIF3 targets cell-proliferation messenger RNAs for translational activation or repression.
A kiloparsec-scale internal shock collision in the jet of a nearby radio galaxy.
Q&A: Hans Clevers.
Support staff: Build reward system for ace technicians.
Fresh perspective.
[C] Climate debate: In praise of Holt as head of the AAAS.
History of science: Unshadowed lens on the past.
Boron isotope evidence for oceanic carbon dioxide leakage during the last deglaciation.
Reconstructing the lung.
Firefly synchrony: a behavioral strategy to minimize visual clutter.
How the CCA-adding enzyme selects adenine over cytosine at position 76 of tRNA.
Home, home outside the range.
Helping the resistance.
The microbes made me eat it.
Comment on 30,000-year-old wild flax fibers.
Rival teams identify a virus behind deaths in central China.
Brawling over mammography.
Filling the light pipe.
Direct restart of a replication fork stalled by a head-on RNA polymerase.
Paradoxical false memory for objects after brain damage.
In pursuit of water oxidation catalysts for solar fuel production.
The role of discharge variation in scaling of drainage area and food chain length in rivers.
PTIP promotes chromatin changes critical for immunoglobulin class switch recombination.
Caspase-dependent conversion of Dicer ribonuclease into a death-promoting deoxyribonuclease.
Structural basis for activation of class Ib ribonucleotide reductase.
Can we understand clouds without turbulence?.
Control of membrane protein topology by a single C-terminal residue.
New ways to guide light.
A LAT mutation that inhibits T cell development yet induces lymphoproliferation.
Scanned probe imaging of single-electron charge states in nanotube quantum dots.
Sharp sides to the African superplume.
Longevity regulation by Drosophila Rpd3 deacetylase and caloric restriction.
Dynamics of thymocyte-stromal cell interactions visualized by two-photon microscopy.
Co-seismic strike-slip and rupture length produced by the 2001 Ms 8.1 Central Kunlun earthquake.
Induction of T helper type 2 immunity by a point mutation in the LAT adaptor.
Tracing black hole mergers through radio lobe morphology.
Bile acid secreted by male sea lamprey that acts as a sex pheromone.
A gustotopic map of taste qualities in the mammalian brain.
Computation-guided backbone grafting of a discontinuous motif onto a protein scaffold.
Giant nonlocality near the Dirac point in graphene.
Successful transmission of a retrovirus depends on the commensal microbiota.
The oxygen isotopic composition of the Sun inferred from captured solar wind.
Crystal structure of the maltose transporter in a pretranslocation intermediate state.
Following the crowd: brain substrates of long-term memory conformity.
Global invasion history of the fire ant Solenopsis invicta.
Inhibitory Fc receptor engagement drives adjuvant and anti-tumor activities of agonistic CD40 antibodies.
O-glycosylated cell wall proteins are essential in root hair growth.
Oxygen vacancies and catalysis on ceria surfaces.
The -glucuronidase klotho hydrolyzes and activates the TRPV5 channel.
The kinase domain of titin controls muscle gene expression and protein turnover.
Multistep synthesis of a radiolabeled imaging probe using integrated microfluidics.
Inducible nitric oxide synthase binds, S-nitrosylates, and activates cyclooxygenase-2.
Global topology analysis of the Escherichia coli inner membrane proteome.
Structural relaxation of polymer glasses at surfaces, interfaces, and in between.
Obligate role of anti-apoptotic MCL-1 in the survival of hematopoietic stem cells.
FKF1 F-box protein mediates cyclic degradation of a repressor of CONSTANS in Arabidopsis.
The renaissance of natural products as drug candidates.
A logic-gated nanorobot for targeted transport of molecular payloads.
Mitochondrial fission, fusion, and stress.
Unimpeded permeation of water through helium-leaktight graphene-based membranes.
Bright coherent ultrahigh harmonics in the keV X-ray regime from mid-infrared femtosecond lasers.
A systematic survey of loss-of-function variants in human protein-coding genes.
Microbial exposure during early life has persistent effects on natural killer T cell function.
Simultaneously mitigating near-term climate change and improving human health and food security.
The role of driving energy and delocalized states for charge separation in organic semiconductors.
Large-pore apertures in a series of metal-organic frameworks.
Long-range incommensurate charge fluctuations in (Y, Nd) Ba2Cu3O6+ x.
Plant hydraulics: the ascent of water.
Extreme deuterium enrichment in stratospheric hydrogen and the global atmospheric budget of H2.
Palaeobotany: Ice-age steppe vegetation in east Beringia.
proteomics.
Visualization of an unstable coiled coil from the scallop myosin rod.
Systems biology: understanding cells.
Constrained circulation at Endeavour ridge facilitates colonization by vent larvae.
Structure in the early afterglow light curve of the -ray burst of 29 March 2003.
Protein knots: a tangled problem.
Race: a genetic melting-pot.
Forced unfolding of proteins within cells.
Prefrontal regions orchestrate suppression of emotional memories via a two-phase process.
Probing quantum commutation rules by addition and subtraction of single photons to/from a light field.
PDZ domain binding selectivity is optimized across the mouse proteome.
4D visualization of transitional structures in phase transformations by electron diffraction.
Orbital reconstruction and covalent bonding at an oxide interface.
Predictions of the properties of water from first principles.
The latitudinal gradient in recent speciation and extinction rates of birds and mammals.
Plant pathogen recognition mediated by promoter activation of the pepper Bs3 resistance gene.
A bright millisecond radio burst of extragalactic origin.
Direct imaging of transient molecular structures with ultrafast diffraction.
Memory extinction, learning anew, and learning the new: dissociations in the molecular machinery of learning in cortex.
Regulation of transcriptional activation domain function by ubiquitin.
Long-term studies of vegetation dynamics.
Biospheric primary production during an ENSO transition.
Ultraviolet emission from a diamond pn junction.
Noisy clockwork: time series analysis of population fluctuations in animals.
Production of polyunsaturated fatty acids by polyketide synthases in both prokaryotes and eukaryotes.
Detection of anthropogenic climate change in the world's oceans.
Chiral sign induction by vortices during the formation of mesophases in stirred solutions.
Tracking who climbs upand who falls downthe ladder.
Histone H3 lysine-to-methionine mutants as a paradigm to study chromatin signaling.
Large environments reveal the statistical structure governing hippocampal representations.
Core and region-enriched networks of behaviorally regulated genes and the singing genome.
Hot explosions in the cool atmosphere of the Sun.
Mouse regulatory DNA landscapes reveal global principles of cis-regulatory evolution.
The ancient roots of the 1%.
Economics in the age of big data.
Addressing vaccine hesitancy.
Human tRNA synthetase catalytic nulls with diverse functions.
The metabolite [agr]-ketoglutarate extends lifespan by inhibiting ATP synthase and TOR.
A new metabolic cell-wall labelling method reveals peptidoglycan in Chlamydia trachomatis.
Disruption of Mediator rescues the stunted growth of a lignin-deficient Arabidopsis mutant.
Transcranial amelioration of inflammation and cell death after brain injury.
Ischaemic accumulation of succinate controls reperfusion injury through mitochondrial ROS.
High-precision measurement of the atomic mass of the electron.
Molecular basis of nitrate uptake by the plant nitrate transporter NRT1. 1.
[C] Preclinical research: Make mouse studies work..
The $1,000 genome.
Patterning and growth control by membrane-tethered Wingless.
Ultrafast holographic nanopatterning of biocatalytically formed silica.
Effects of macrophyte species richness on wetland ecosystem functioning and services.
Neanderthal cranial ontogeny and its implications for late hominid diversity.
Decreasing overflow from the Nordic seas into the Atlantic Ocean through the Faroe Bank channel since 1950.
Publishing on the semantic web.
Frizzled-7 signalling controls tissue separation during Xenopus gastrulation.
Generic mechanism for generating a liquid-liquid phase transition.
Stable methane hydrate above 2 GPa and the source of Titan's atmospheric methane.
Twisted gastrulation is a conserved extracellular BMP antagonist.
Molecular engineering: networks of nanotubes and containers.
Cell identity mediates the response of Arabidopsis roots to abiotic stress.
Regulated protein denitrosylation by cytosolic and mitochondrial thioredoxins.
Fire-derived charcoal causes loss of forest humus.
Controlled phase shifts with a single quantum dot.
Laser frequency combs for astronomical observations.
Innate immune homeostasis by the homeobox gene caudal and commensal-gut mutualism in Drosophila.
Coordination of early protective immunity to viral infection by regulatory T cells.
Size-driven structural and thermodynamic complexity in iron oxides.
Reducing greenhouse gas emissions from deforestation and forest degradation: global land-use implications.
Aligning conservation priorities across taxa in Madagascar with high-resolution planning tools.
Short-term contracts: Labs leak staff under French law.
The changing form of Antarctic biodiversity.
Training and operation of an integrated neuromorphic network based on metal-oxide memristors.
[C] An early modern human from Romania with a recent Neanderthal ancestor.
Complex archaea that bridge the gap between prokaryotes and eukaryotes.
Supramolecular assemblies underpin turnover of outer membrane proteins in bacteria.
The evolutionary history of lethal metastatic prostate cancer.
Public spending: US Congress replies on NSF scrutiny.
Science policy: From Brookhaven to Bush.
Structural biology: Pain-sensing TRPA1 channel resolved.
Volatile, isotope, and organic analysis of martian fines with the Mars Curiosity rover.
Wolbachia invades Anopheles stephensi populations and induces refractoriness to Plasmodium infection.
Stretchable, transparent, ionic conductors.
An actin-dependent step in mitochondrial fission mediated by the ER-associated formin INF2.
Diisopropylammonium bromide is a high-temperature molecular ferroelectric crystal.
Marine taxa track local climate velocities.
Genomically recoded organisms expand biological functions.
Clarifying the dominant sources and mechanisms of cirrus cloud formation.
Type I interferon suppresses type II interferontriggered human anti-mycobacterial responses.
Complex N-heterocycle synthesis via iron-catalyzed, direct CH bond amination.
Central dogma at the single-molecule level in living cells.
Metagenomic analysis of a permafrost microbial community reveals a rapid response to thaw.
Preplay of future place cell sequences by hippocampal cellular assemblies.
Natural killer cells act as rheostats modulating antiviral T cells.
Mirror extreme BMI phenotypes associated with gene dosage at the chromosome 16p11. 2 locus.
Observation of scale invariance and universality in two-dimensional Bose gases.
Structural transformation in supercooled water controls the crystallization rate of ice.
Sustained axon regeneration induced by co-deletion of PTEN and SOCS3.
The ELF4-ELF3-LUX complex links the circadian clock to diurnal control of hypocotyl growth.
Hydrostatic pressure and the actomyosin cortex drive mitotic cell rounding.
Supporting students in developing literacy in science.
Deepwater formation in the North Pacific during the last glacial termination.
Micro-optical sectioning tomography to obtain a high-resolution atlas of the mouse brain.
Divided representation of concurrent goals in the human frontal lobes.
Imaging local electrochemical current via surface plasmon resonance.
Identification of germline stem cells in the ovary of the teleost medaka.
pH sensing by intracellular Salmonella induces effector translocation.
Measuring subjective well-being.
A critical role for LTA4H in limiting chronic pulmonary neutrophilic inflammation.
Dynamic kinetic resolution of biaryl atropisomers via peptide-catalyzed asymmetric bromination.
How do morals change?.
Principles of stop-codon reading on the ribosome.
The business of biodiversity.
Altruism researchers must cooperate.
Multilevel and kin selection in a connected world.
Anomalous structure in the single particle spectrum of the fractional quantum Hall effect.
Continental warming preceding the Palaeocene-Eocene thermal maximum.
Close supermassive binary black holes.
Peers nip misconduct in the bud.
HAATI survivors replace canonical telomeres with blocks of generic heterochromatin.
Roots and associated fungi drive long-term carbon sequestration in boreal forest.
Sequence-specific peptide synthesis by an artificial small-molecule machine.
Suppression of oxidative stress by -hydroxybutyrate, an endogenous histone deacetylase inhibitor.
Boson sampling on a photonic chip.
Protection against malaria by intravenous immunization with a nonreplicating sporozoite vaccine.
H7N9 influenza viruses are transmissible in ferrets by respiratory droplet.
Cell death from antibiotics without the involvement of reactive oxygen species.
Antibody therapeutics in cancer.
The role of surface oxygen in the growth of large single-crystal graphene on copper.
Blockade of chronic type I interferon signaling to control persistent LCMV infection.
Single-molecule experiments in vitro and in silico.
Focusing beyond the diffraction limit with far-field time reversal.
Rev-erb, a heme sensor that coordinates metabolic and circadian pathways.
Synthesis of ultra-incompressible superhard rhenium diboride at ambient pressure.
Schemas and memory consolidation.
Acid catalysis in basic solution: a supramolecular host promotes orthoformate hydrolysis.
Widespread monoallelic expression on human autosomes.
Noise in gene expression determines cell fate in Bacillus subtilis.
A whiff of oxygen before the great oxidation event?.
Alfvn waves in the solar corona.
Plectasin, a fungal defensin, targets the bacterial cell wall precursor Lipid II.
Lineage relationship analysis of RORt+ innate lymphoid cells.
O-mannosyl phosphorylation of alpha-dystroglycan is required for laminin binding.
Cooperation between translating ribosomes and RNA polymerase in transcription elongation.
Controlled injection of spin-triplet supercurrents into a strong ferromagnet.
Conserved fungal LysM effector Ecp6 prevents chitin-triggered immunity in plants.
Behavioral science and energy policy.
Functional hierarchy and reversibility within the murine spermatogenic stem cell compartment.
Cyclooxygenase-2 controls energy homeostasis in mice by de novo recruitment of brown adipocytes.
Asymmetric cooperative catalysis of strong Brnsted acidpromoted reactions using chiral ureas.
Battle of the sexes may set the brain.
Materials science: A desirable wind up.
Developmental biology: order in the lung.
Networks: teasing out the missing links.
Sophisticated particle-feeding in a large Early Cambrian crustacean.
Coherent ecological dynamics induced by large-scale disturbance.
Climate change: attributing cause and effect.
Coordinate control of synaptic-layer specificity and rhodopsins in photoreceptor neurons.
A planetary perspective on the deep Earth.
Rapid change in drift of the Australian plate records collision with Ontong Java plateau.
The DNA methylation landscape of human early embryos.
A featureless transmission spectrum for the Neptune-mass exoplanet GJ [thinsp] 436b.
Diversity and dynamics of the Drosophila transcriptome.
Quantum error correction in a solid-state hybrid spin register.
Architecture of the large subunit of the mammalian mitochondrial ribosome.
Spin-transfer torque generated by a topological insulator.
Mycobacteria manipulate macrophage recruitment through coordinated use of membrane lipids.
High secondary aerosol contribution to particulate pollution during haze events in China.
Dynamics and associations of microbial community types across the human body.
Identification of genomic alterations in oesophageal squamous cell cancer.
Molecular biology: Circles reshape the RNA world.
Avian flu: gain-of-function experiments on H7N9.
Unexpected strain-stiffening in crystalline solids.
Stem-cell ruling riles researchers.
The role of behaviour in adaptive morphological evolution of African proboscideans.
A single pair of interneurons commands the Drosophila feeding motor program.
The earliest known holometabolous insects.
Seasonal sea surface cooling in the equatorial Pacific cold tongue controlled by ocean mixing.
[C] The Anthropocene could raise biological diversity..
Solving the brain.
Trapping a diradical transition state by mechanochemical polymer extension.
Phosphatidic acid is a pH biosensor that links membrane biogenesis to metabolism.
Carbon nanotubes with temperature-invariant viscoelasticity from196 to 1000 C.
Human adaptation and plant use in highland New Guinea 49,000 to 44,000 years ago.
Dynamic regulation of archaeal proteasome gate opening as studied by TROSY NMR.
Ferrous polycrystalline shape-memory alloy showing huge superelasticity.
Real-time dynamics of single vortex lines and vortex dipoles in a Bose-Einstein condensate.
Patterns of diversity in marine phytoplankton.
Decrease in the CO2 uptake capacity in an ice-free Arctic Ocean basin.
Hydrogen bonding controls the dynamics of catechol adsorbed on a TiO2 (110) surface.
Plasma devices to guide and collimate a high density of MeV electrons.
A large neutral fraction of cosmic hydrogen a billion years after the Big Bang.
No stellar p-mode oscillations in space-based photometry of Procyon.
Assembly and function of a bacterial genotoxin.
The structure and evolution of centromeric transition regions within the human genome.
Centrosomes direct cell polarity independently of microtubule assembly in C. elegans embryos.
Low-velocity zone atop the 410-km seismic discontinuity in the northwestern United States.
The formation of a massive protostar through the disk accretion of gas.
Nitration of a peptide phytotoxin by bacterial nitric oxide synthase.
Observational evidence of a change in radiative forcing due to the indirect aerosol effect.
Variation in cancer risk among tissues can be explained by the number of stem cell divisions.
Discovery of a Weyl fermion semimetal and topological Fermi arcs.
Planetary boundaries: Guiding human development on a changing planet.
Graphene, related two-dimensional crystals, and hybrid systems for energy conversion and storage.
Tissue-based map of the human proteome.
High-efficiency solution-processed perovskite solar cells with millimeter-scale grains.
Possible artifacts of data biases in the recent global surface warming hiatus.
Observation of Fermi arc surface states in a topological metal.
Highly evolvable malaria vectors: The genomes of 16 Anopheles mosquitoes.
K13-propeller mutations confer artemisinin resistance in Plasmodium falciparum clinical isolates.
[C] Colorectal cancer: 5 big questions.
Natural history: save Italy's museums.
Shale gas: Nuance in output predictions.
Corrigendum: Deterministic direct reprogramming of somatic cells to pluripotency.
Retraction: Histone methylation by the Drosophila epigenetic transcriptional regulator Ash1.
[C] Climate modelling: Community initiative tackles urban heat.
Structures of actin-like ParM filaments show architecture of plasmid-segregating spindles.
Ocean impact on decadal Atlantic climate variability revealed by sea-level observations.
Germline transmission and tissue-specific expression of transgenes delivered by lentiviral vectors.
" Stemness": transcriptional profiling of embryonic and adult stem cells.
Decoding the patterns of self and nonself by the innate immune system.
Thermal barrier coatings for gas-turbine engine applications.
Manipulating the quantum state of an electrical circuit.
Little evidence for developmental plasticity of adult hematopoietic stem cells.
Partitioning of lipid-modified monomeric GFPs into membrane microdomains of live cells.
Hearing sounds, understanding actions: action representation in mirror neurons.
TNF-R1 signaling: a beautiful pathway.
Climate effects of black carbon aerosols in China and India.
[C] Sham journals scam authors..
[C] Don't market stem-cell products ahead of proof.
Bioenergy: Biofuel production on the margins.
HELQ promotes RAD51 paralogue-dependent repair to avert germ cell loss and tumorigenesis.
A gene of rare effect.
Public health: Broad reception for coronavirus.
Corrigendum: Comprehensive genomic characterization defines human glioblastoma genes and core pathways.
Data-sharing: everything on display.
Communication: Mind the metaphor.
44Ti gamma-ray emission lines from SN1987A reveal an asymmetric explosion.
Recruitment of RNA polymerase II by the pioneer transcription factor PHA-4.
Is measles next?.
Birth of a comet magnetosphere: A spring of water ions.
A virus that infects a hyperthermophile encapsidates A-form DNA.
Give soils their due.
A structure of the COPI coat and the role of coat proteins in membrane vesicle assembly.
Large thermal Hall conductivity of neutral spin excitations in a frustrated quantum magnet.
Termite mounds can increase the robustness of dryland ecosystems to climatic change.
Mechanisms of long-distance dispersal of seeds by wind.
Acetylation of histone H4 by Esa1 is required for DNA double-strand break repair.
Multiple ionization of atom clusters by intense soft X-rays from a free-electron laser.
Quantum states of neutrons in the Earth's gravitational field.
Altering the pathway of immunoglobulin hypermutation by inhibiting uracil-DNA glycosylase.
Chiral recognition in dimerization of adsorbed cysteine observed by scanning tunnelling microscopy.
The mosaic structure of variation in the laboratory mouse genome.
Balanced responsiveness to chemoattractants from adjacent zones determines B-cell position.
Materials: Surprising strength of silkworm silk.
Functions of FGF signalling from the apical ectodermal ridge in limb development.
Convergent loss of PTEN leads to clinical resistance to a PI (3) K [agr] inhibitor.
Spatially resolved magnetic field structure in the disk of a T Tauri star.
Seasonal not annual rainfall determines grassland biomass response to carbon dioxide.
Tissue-specific clocks in Arabidopsis show asymmetric coupling.
Endocrinization of FGF1 produces a neomorphic and potent insulin sensitizer.
Structural and mechanistic insights into the bacterial amyloid secretion channel CsgG.
Cancer: tumours outside the mutation box.
Mitochondrial UPR-regulated innate immunity provides resistance to pathogen infection.
Noncoding RNA transcription targets AID to divergently transcribed loci in B cells.
Geomagnetic fluctuations reveal stable stratification at the top of the Earth/'s core.
Long-range transport in excitonic dark states in coupled quantum wells.
Linearly concatenated cyclobutane lipids form a dense bacterial membrane.
Rac function and regulation during Drosophila development.
Stacking of conical molecules with a fullerene apex into polar columns in crystals and liquid crystals.
A conserved RNA-binding protein controls germline stem cells in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Herbivory: caterpillar saliva beats plant defences.
A neural correlate of response bias in monkey caudate nucleus.
Protective role of phospholipid oxidation products in endotoxin-induced tissue damage.
Behavioural neuroscience: Rat navigation guided by remote control.
Optical studies of solid hydrogen to 320 GPa and evidence for black hydrogen.
ABCB5 is a limbal stem cell gene required for corneal development and repair.
Amphibians acquire resistance to live and dead fungus overcoming fungal immunosuppression.
Astrocyte-encoded positional cues maintain sensorimotor circuit integrity.
Gradual unlocking of plate boundary controlled initiation of the 2014 Iquique earthquake.
Coupled GTPase and remodelling ATPase activities form a checkpoint for ribosome export.
Foxc1 is a critical regulator of haematopoietic stem/progenitor cell niche formation.
Measurement of parity violation in electron-quark scattering.
Cessation of CCL2 inhibition accelerates breast cancer metastasis by promoting angiogenesis.
Developmental plasticity and the origin of tetrapods.
Anti-diabetic activity of insulin-degrading enzyme inhibitors mediated by multiple hormones.
Reduced methane growth rate explained by decreased Northern Hemisphere microbial sources.
Nanoscale chemical tomography of buried organic-inorganic interfaces in the chiton tooth.
[C] Unpublished results hide the decline effect..
H2AX prevents CtIP-mediated DNA end resection and aberrant repair in G1-phase lymphocytes.
Recent decreases in fossil-fuel emissions of ethane and methane derived from firn air.
Zero outward flow velocity for plasma in a heliosheath transition layer.
ATM damage response and XLF repair factor are functionally redundant in joining DNA breaks.
Catecholamine receptor polymorphisms affect decision-making in C. elegans.
Extended megadroughts in the southwestern United States during Pleistocene interglacials.
Asymmetric additions to dienes catalysed by a dithiophosphoric acid.
The heartbeat of the Oligocene climate system.
Corridors increase plant species richness at large scales.
Structure of the exon junction core complex with a trapped DEAD-box ATPase bound to RNA.
The effect of oxygen on biochemical networks and the evolution of complex life.
Cobalt-base high-temperature alloys.
Unraveling the mystery of Indian monsoon failure during El Nino.
Dendritic cell apoptosis in the maintenance of immune tolerance.
Genomic insights into the immune system of the sea urchin.
Molecular imaging using a targeted magnetic resonance hyperpolarized biosensor.
Chromosomes can congress to the metaphase plate before biorientation.
Neurophysiology: Hodgkin and Huxley modelstill standing?.
Simplicity in biology.
Biological scaling: does the exception prove the rule?.
An epipodite-bearing crown-group crustacean from the Lower Cambrian.
Giant cladoxylopsid trees resolve the enigma of the Earth's earliest forest stumps at Gilboa.
The potential for giant tsunamigenic earthquakes in the northern Bay of Bengal.
Annealing-induced interfacial toughening using a molecular nanolayer.
Hadean diamonds in zircon from Jack Hills, Western Australia.
Promotion of Hras-induced squamous carcinomas by a polymorphic variant of the Patched gene in FVB mice.
Internal motions of a quasiparticle governing its ultrafast nonlinear response.
Structure of the mitotic checkpoint complex.
The H3K27 demethylase Utx regulates somatic and germ cell epigenetic reprogramming.
Non-invasive imaging through opaque scattering layers.
Multiple dynamic representations in the motor cortex during sensorimotor learning.
Asymmetric spiroacetalization catalysed by confined Bronsted acids.
An ultraviolet-radiation-independent pathway to melanoma carcinogenesis in the red hair/fair skin background.
FTO genotype is associated with phenotypic variability of body mass index.
Neuronal circuitry mechanism regulating adult quiescent neural stem-cell fate decision.
Cross-neutralization of influenza A viruses mediated by a single antibody loop.
The spatial architecture of protein function and adaptation.
The importance of water to oceanic mantle melting regimes.
Direct measurement of the transfer rate of chloroplast DNA into the nucleus.
Structure of the replicative helicase of the oncoprotein SV40 large tumour antigen.
Post-earthquake ground movements correlated to pore-pressure transients.
A conspicuous nickel protein in microbial mats that oxidize methane anaerobically.
HIV-1 Nef intersects the macrophage CD40L signalling pathway to promote resting-cell infection.
Truncated TrkB-T1 mediates neurotrophin-evoked calcium signalling in glia cells.
Endocrinology: bone adaptation requires oestrogen receptor-.
Coulomb fission: Rayleigh jets from levitated microdroplets.
A strong astrophysical constraint on the violation of special relativity by quantum gravity.
Obestatin, a peptide encoded by the ghrelin gene, opposes ghrelin's effects on food intake.
Genome-scale identification of nucleosome positions in S. cerevisiae.
The convergence of synthetic organic and polymer chemistries.
Charging effects on bonding and catalyzed oxidation of CO on Au8 clusters on MgO.
ATM activation by DNA double-strand breaks through the Mre11-Rad50-Nbs1 complex.
The optical resonances in carbon nanotubes arise from excitons.
Bats are natural reservoirs of SARS-like coronaviruses.
Nuclear reprogramming of somatic cells after fusion with human embryonic stem cells.
The influence of social hierarchy on primate health.
Neural systems responding to degrees of uncertainty in human decision-making.
Too hungry to eat, too hungry not to eat.
PI4P/phosphatidylserine countertransport at ORP5-and ORP8-mediated ERplasma membrane contacts.
Crystallization by particle attachment in synthetic, biogenic, and geologic environments.
Expanding the role of metabolism in T cells.
Beyond the Turing Test.
Distances with< 4% precision from type Ia supernovae in young star-forming environments.
The predator-prey power law: Biomass scaling across terrestrial and aquatic biomes.
Data, eternal.
Inhibiting Hippo to mend broken hearts.
Structural basis for Notch1 engagement of Delta-like 4.
Shape changes of supported Rh nanoparticles during oxidation and reduction cycles.
An eccentric binary millisecond pulsar in the galactic plane.
A general model for food web structure.
The Fermi gamma-ray space telescope discovers the pulsar in the young galactic supernova remnant CTA 1.
Deconstruction of iterative multidomain polyketide synthase function.
Kinetics of individual nucleation events observed in nanoscale vapor-liquid-solid growth.
A haptoglobin-hemoglobin receptor conveys innate immunity to Trypanosoma brucei in humans.
The metamorphosis of supernova SN 2008D/XRF 080109: A link between supernovae and GRBs/hypernovae.
Phosphorylation of retinoblastoma protein by viral protein with cyclin-dependent kinase function.
Co-option of the hormone-signalling module dafachronic acid-DAF-12 in nematode evolution.
Drug discovery: inhibitors that activate.
The redox state of arc mantle using Zn/Fe systematics.
A computational model of teeth and the developmental origins of morphological variation.
Exceptional dinosaur fossils show ontogenetic development of early feathers.
Moonlighting bacteriophage proteins derepress staphylococcal pathogenicity islands.
A collision in 2009 as the origin of the debris trail of asteroid P/2010 [thinsp] A2.
Iron-catalysed oxidation intermediates captured in a DNA repair dioxygenase.
Wnt11 patterns a myocardial electrical gradient through regulation of the L-type Ca2+ channel.
Follow the money.
Different patterns of peripheral migration by memory CD4+ and CD8+ T cells.
Timing of plant immune responses by a central circadian regulator.
Sharply increased mass loss from glaciers and ice caps in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago.
Controlling inelastic light scattering quantum pathways in graphene.
Hydrogen-poor superluminous stellar explosions.
Dicer recognizes the 5 [prime] end of RNA for efficient and accurate processing.
Early dispersal of modern humans in Europe and implications for Neanderthal behaviour.
The histone methyltransferase SETDB1 is recurrently amplified in melanoma and accelerates its onset.
Mitochondrial uncoupling protein 2 structure determined by NMR molecular fragment searching.
Differential microRNA regulation of HLA-C expression and its association with HIV control.
Nuclear cataract caused by a lack of DNA degradation in the mouse eye lens.
Stabilizing feedbacks in glacier-bed erosion.
Evolution of complex life cycles in helminth parasites.
Non-classical receptive field mediates switch in a sensory neuron's frequency tuning.
Measuring dipolar width across liquidliquid interfaces with 'molecular rulers'.
Insight into a natural DielsAlder reaction from the structure of macrophomate synthase.
Environmental biology: heat reward for insect pollinators.
Captivity masks inbreeding effects on male mating success in butterflies.
Biomechanics: froghopper insects leap to new heights.
Automatic gain control in the echolocation system of dolphins.
Watching nanocrystals grow.
Earth vibrations.
Tenure and the Future of the University.
Nuclear waste management in the United Statesstarting over.
Looking forward in pharmaceutical process chemistry.
Emergent or just complex?.
Beyond Thailand: Making Sense of a Qualified AIDS Vaccine" Success".
Stimulus gives DOE billions for carbon-capture projects.
Deep tremors and slow quakes.
[C] Automating science.
On the origin of leprosy.
Imaging spin transport in lateral ferromagnet/semiconductor structures.
The climate change commitment.
Comparison of fine-scale recombination rates in humans and chimpanzees.
Permanent El Nio-like conditions during the Pliocene warm period.
Titan's atmospheric temperatures, winds, and composition.
A brief history of seed size.
Protein translocation across biological membranes.
Ion neutral mass spectrometer results from the first flyby of Titan.
A hydrogen-rich early Earth atmosphere.
Requirement of heterochromatin for cohesion at centromeres.
Autonomous mental development by robots and animals.
Paleolithic technology and human evolution.
Identification of a gene associated with Bt resistance in Heliothis virescens.
Natal homing in a marine fish metapopulation.
Stem cell self-renewal specified by JAK-STAT activation in response to a support cell cue.
The Indian Ocean experiment: widespread air pollution from South and Southeast Asia.
Genome sequence of the plant pathogen and biotechnology agent Agrobacterium tumefaciens C58.
Photoinduction of fast, reversible translational motion in a hydrogen-bonded molecular shuttle.
A portrait of Alzheimer secretases--new features and familiar faces.
Plant cuticular lipid export requires an ABC transporter.
Two-step synthesis of carbohydrates by selective aldol reactions.
Some assembly required.
Hormone therapy: physiological complexity belies therapeutic simplicity.
Host plant specialization governed by facultative symbiont.
A synthetic conjugate polysaccharide vaccine against Haemophilus influenzae type b.
Human De-etiolated-1 regulates c-Jun by assembling a CUL4A ubiquitin ligase.
Definition of a bacterial type IV secretion pathway for a DNA substrate.
Crystal structure of a photolyase bound to a CPD-like DNA lesion after in situ repair.
Functional adaptation of BabA, the H. pylori ABO blood group antigen binding adhesin.
Unprecedented restoration of a native oyster metapopulation.
Contribution of fish to the marine inorganic carbon cycle.
Greatly expanded tropical warm pool and weakened Hadley circulation in the early Pliocene.
Three-dimensional structural view of the central metabolic network of Thermotoga maritima.
Flexible learning of multiple speech structures in bilingual infants.
A probable pollination mode before angiosperms: Eurasian, long-proboscid scorpionflies.
Characterization of a rhodium (I) -methane complex in solution.
Disruption of vertical motility by shear triggers formation of thin phytoplankton layers.
30,000-year-old wild flax fibers.
HDAC4 regulates neuronal survival in normal and diseased retinas.
An expanded palette of genetically encoded Ca2+ indicators.
Visualizing individual nitrogen dopants in monolayer graphene.
Perception of UV-B by the Arabidopsis UVR8 protein.
DNA origami with complex curvatures in three-dimensional space.
A highly conserved neutralizing epitope on group 2 influenza A viruses.
Quantum simulation of frustrated classical magnetism in triangular optical lattices.
A brief social-belonging intervention improves academic and health outcomes of minority students.
Sirt5 is a NAD-dependent protein lysine demalonylase and desuccinylase.
Acetylcholine-synthesizing T cells relay neural signals in a vagus nerve circuit.
Vernalization-mediated epigenetic silencing by a long intronic noncoding RNA.
Weak northern and strong tropical land carbon uptake from vertical profiles of atmospheric CO2.
Mott transition in VO2 revealed by infrared spectroscopy and nano-imaging.
Stability and diversity of ecosystems.
Suppression of microRNA-silencing pathway by HIV-1 during virus replication.
Video ergo sum: manipulating bodily self-consciousness.
A neuroligin-3 mutation implicated in autism increases inhibitory synaptic transmission in mice.
A high-resolution root spatiotemporal map reveals dominant expression patterns.
Draft genome sequence of the sexually transmitted pathogen Trichomonas vaginalis.
Promotion of lymphocyte egress into blood and lymph by distinct sources of sphingosine-1-phosphate.
Self-organization, embodiment, and biologically inspired robotics.
Targeting BcrAbl by combining allosteric with ATP-binding-site inhibitors.
MICU1 encodes a mitochondrial EF hand protein required for Ca2+ uptake.
The endocytic matrix.
Genome-wide measurement of RNA secondary structure in yeast.
Osteoclast differentiation factor RANKL controls development of progestin-driven mammary cancer.
Genome-wide SNP and haplotype analyses reveal a rich history underlying dog domestication.
Complete Khoisan and Bantu genomes from southern Africa.
Lock and key colloids.
Oxidant stress evoked by pacemaking in dopaminergic neurons is attenuated by DJ-1.
Binary nanocrystal superlattice membranes self-assembled at the liquid-air interface.
The genome of a songbird.
Biodemography of human ageing.
Adiponectin and AdipoR1 regulate PGC-1 [agr] and mitochondria by Ca2+ and AMPK/SIRT1.
The central role of diminishing sea ice in recent Arctic temperature amplification.
Anti-diabetic drugs inhibit obesity-linked phosphorylation of PPAR [ggr] by Cdk5.
Atom-chip-based generation of entanglement for quantum metrology.
Nitrite-driven anaerobic methane oxidation by oxygenic bacteria.
Images of a fourth planet orbiting HR 8799.
Femtosecond electronic response of atoms to ultra-intense X-rays.
Quantum simulation of the Dirac equation.
Gearing up for a closer look at the human placenta.
Diet studies challenge thinking on proteins versus carbs.
Brazil's environmental leadership at risk.
Increased variability of tornado occurrence in the United States.
Dynamic mechanical behavior of multilayer graphene via supersonic projectile penetration.
Phase-transforming electrodes.
Using and improving the social cost of carbon.
Summer jobs reduce violence among disadvantaged youth.
Lengthy RNAs earn respect as cellular players.
Computational design of water-soluble -helical barrels.
[C] Neuroscience: Spotlight on deep-brain stimulation.
The descent of man.
History of chemistry: Words into gold.
ATG14 promotes membrane tethering and fusion of autophagosomes to endolysosomes.
Palaeoclimate: Northern push for the bipolar see-saw.
Neuroscience: The mechanics of mind.
Tetanus toxoid and CCL3 improve dendritic cell vaccines in mice and glioblastoma patients.
Artificial quakes shake Oklahoma.
Environment: China needs more monitoring apps.
An observation linking the origin of plasmaspheric hiss to discrete chorus emissions.
Attractors and democratic dynamics.
A history lesson for stem cells.
Governance and environmental change in the Arctic Ocean.
A role for the CHC22 clathrin heavy-chain isoform in human glucose metabolism.
Mapping excited-state dynamics by coherent control of a dendrimer's photoemission efficiency.
Genetic incompatibility drives sex allocation and maternal investment in a polymorphic finch.
Leading-edge vortices elevate lift of autorotating plant seeds.
Exploring dark matter with milky way substructure.
Highly variable spread rates in replicated biological invasions: fundamental limits to predictability.
Interviews: The all-important job talk.
Metastasis-suppressor transcript destabilization through TARBP2 binding of mRNA hairpins.
Rechargeables: Vanadium batteries will be cost-effective.
China: Open access to Earth land-cover map.
Crystallography: Sources of inspiration.
Drug delivery: Brain food.
Condensed-matter physics: Glasses made from pure metals.
Immunotherapy: Chemical tricks.
Retraction: Stimulus-triggered fate conversion of somatic cells into pluripotency.
 .
Not honouring the code.
The Kondo effect in ferromagnetic atomic contacts.
Giant boid snake from the Palaeocene neotropics reveals hotter past equatorial temperatures.
Sleep and sensorimotor integration during early vocal learning in a songbird.
Cyclic AMP intoxication of macrophages by a Mycobacterium tuberculosis adenylate cyclase.
[C] Data sharing: Empty archives.
Direct observation of a pressure-induced metal-to-semiconductor transition in lithium.
Travelling-wave nuclear magnetic resonance.
Increased seasonality through the Eocene to Oligocene transition in northern high latitudes.
Materials science: Emerging routes to multiferroics.
Superconducting quantum bits.
Identification of cells initiating human melanomas.
A microbial symbiosis factor prevents intestinal inflammatory disease.
MicroRNAs to Nanog, Oct4 and Sox2 coding regions modulate embryonic stem cell differentiation.
Induction and effector functions of TH17 cells.
An early Cenozoic perspective on greenhouse warming and carbon-cycle dynamics.
Direct observation of Anderson localization of matter waves in a controlled disorder.
Mountain pine beetle and forest carbon feedback to climate change.
Hierarchical structure and the prediction of missing links in networks.
DNA sequencing of a cytogenetically normal acute myeloid leukaemia genome.
A Jurassic ornithischian dinosaur from Siberia with both feathers and scales.
Influenza and the live poultry trade.
Observation of many-body dynamics in long-range tunneling after a quantum quench.
Selective methylation of histone H3 variant H3. 1 regulates heterochromatin replication.
Projected increase in lightning strikes in the United States due to global warming.
Why mineral interfaces matter.
Attribution of global glacier mass loss to anthropogenic and natural causes.
Structures of netrin-1 bound to two receptors provide insight into its axon guidance mechanism.
Skin-resident memory CD8+ T cells trigger a state of tissue-wide pathogen alert.
Two Y genes can replace the entire Y chromosome for assisted reproduction in the mouse.
Sustainable bioenergy production from marginal lands in the US Midwest.
Pathogenesis and transmission of avian influenza A (H7N9) virus in ferrets and mice.
Mitonuclear protein imbalance as a conserved longevity mechanism.
Single-cell Hi-C reveals cell-to-cell variability in chromosome structure.
cGAS produces a 2 [prime]-5 [prime]-linked cyclic dinucleotide second messenger that activates STING.
Microbiota-liberated host sugars facilitate post-antibiotic expansion of enteric pathogens.
Connectomic reconstruction of the inner plexiform layer in the mouse retina.
Large-scale nanophotonic phased array.
Activity-dependent neuronal signalling and autism spectrum disorder.
Therapeutic efficacy of potent neutralizing HIV-1-specific monoclonal antibodies in SHIV-infected rhesus monkeys.
Baryons in the relativistic jets of the stellar-mass black-hole candidate 4U [thinsp] 1630-47.
Magnetic ratchet for three-dimensional spintronic memory and logic.
Control of angiogenesis by AIBP-mediated cholesterol efflux.
Microscopic origin of the/0.7-anomaly/'in quantum point contacts.
Vinylogous chain branching catalysed by a dedicated polyketide synthase module.
Restoration of anterior regeneration in a planarian with limited regenerative ability.
Barium distributions in teeth reveal early-life dietary transitions in primates.
Accelerated growth in the absence of DNA replication origins.
Coordination of heart and lung co-development by a multipotent cardiopulmonary progenitor.
Control of substrate access to the active site in methane monooxygenase.
Evidence for a dynamo in the main group pallasite parent body.
Carbon from tropical deforestation.
The greening of insurance.
The precise solar shape and its variability.
Bubblegrams reveal the inner body of bacteriophage KZ.
Taking stock of the human microbiome and disease.
Why statistics?.
Interglacial hydroclimate in the tropical West Pacific through the Late Pleistocene.
Cotranscriptional role for Arabidopsis DICER-LIKE 4 in transcription termination.
Photonic crystal light collectors in fish retina improve vision in turbid water.
Olfactory pattern classification by discrete neuronal network states.
Embolus extravasation is an alternative mechanism for cerebral microvascular recanalization.
Functionally defective germline variants of sialic acid acetylesterase in autoimmunity.
Glacier retreat in New Zealand during the Younger Dryas stadial.
Direct formation of supermassive black holes via multi-scale gas inflows in galaxy mergers.
Structure of a bacterial homologue of vitamin K epoxide reductase.
An allosteric mechanism of Rho-dependent transcription termination.
Fructose 1, 6-bisphosphate aldolase/phosphatase may be an ancestral gluconeogenic enzyme.
A recent disruption of the main-belt asteroid P/2010 [thinsp] A2.
Olivine water contents in the continental lithosphere and the longevity of cratons.
P [acman]: a BAC transgenic platform for targeted insertion of large DNA fragments in D. melanogaster.
Relating three-dimensional structures to protein networks provides evolutionary insights.
Progressive disruption of cellular protein folding in models of polyglutamine diseases.
Germline mutations in genes within the MAPK pathway cause cardio-facio-cutaneous syndrome.
Distinct Fermi-momentum-dependent energy gaps in deeply underdoped Bi2212.
The economics of information security.
An essential role for LEDGF/p75 in HIV integration.
The impact of boreal forest fire on climate warming.
Ischemia opens neuronal gap junction hemichannels.
Evolution of the molecular machines for protein import into mitochondria.
The spectral-element method, Beowulf computing, and global seismology.
Explaining the latitudinal distribution of sunspots with deep meridional flow.
Role of the myosin assembly protein UNC-45 as a molecular chaperone for myosin.
Enhanced tumor formation in mice heterozygous for Blm mutation.
Maneuvering in the complex path from genotype to phenotype.
Neural mechanisms of saccadic suppression.
Design and control of wave propagation patterns in excitable media.
X-ray emission from comets.
Estimating the size of the world's threatened flora.
Seismic anisotropy: tracing plate dynamics in the mantle.
Emergent reduction of electronic state dimensionality in dense ordered Li-Be alloys.
Survival variability and population density in fish populations.
Compositional differences between meteorites and near-Earth asteroids.
The evolutionary origin of flatfish asymmetry.
Cancer stem cells: Here, there, everywhere?.
Martian stepped-delta formation by rapid water release.
Switch of rhodopsin expression in terminally differentiated Drosophila sensory neurons.
Ventastega curonica and the origin of tetrapod morphology.
A neural representation of depth from motion parallax in macaque visual cortex.
Nano-optics: Optical antennas tuned to pitch.
Strand-specific postreplicative processing of mammalian telomeres.
An antimicrobial peptide gene found in the male reproductive system of rats.
Paleoclimate: was the medieval warm period global?.
Filopodial calcium transients promote substrate-dependent growth cone turning.
Virus-assisted mapping of neural inputs to a feeding center in the hypothalamus.
Bt toxin resistance from loss of a putative carbohydrate-modifying enzyme.
Free-electron lasers: status and applications.
Uniform binding of aminoacyl-tRNAs to elongation factor Tu by thermodynamic compensation.
Modern human ancestry at the peripheries: a test of the replacement theory.
Presynaptic kainate receptor mediation of frequency facilitation at hippocampal mossy fiber synapses.
Integral role of IRF-5 in the gene induction programme activated by Toll-like receptors.
Common mechanisms of nerve and blood vessel wiring.
The CREB coactivator TORC2 is a key regulator of fasting glucose metabolism.
The genome of the protist parasite Entamoeba histolytica.
Stratigraphic placement and age of modern humans from Kibish, Ethiopia.
Slowing of the Atlantic meridional overturning circulation at 25 N.
Marine microorganisms and global nutrient cycles.
Electromagnetically induced transparency with tunable single-photon pulses.
Tomographic imaging using the nonlinear response of magnetic particles.
A Pax3/Pax7-dependent population of skeletal muscle progenitor cells.
Changes in the velocity structure of the Greenland Ice Sheet.
Losartan, an AT1 antagonist, prevents aortic aneurysm in a mouse model of Marfan syndrome.
Toward automatic reconstruction of a highly resolved tree of life.
CH bond functionalization in complex organic synthesis.
Learning induces long-term potentiation in the hippocampus.
High gamma power is phase-locked to theta oscillations in human neocortex.
Essential role of BDNF in the mesolimbic dopamine pathway in social defeat stress.
Experimental study of inequality and unpredictability in an artificial cultural market.
Structure of the 70S ribosome complexed with mRNA and tRNA.
On making the right choice: The deliberation-without-attention effect.
PTEX component HSP101 mediates export of diverse malaria effectors into host erythrocytes.
eIF4F is a nexus of resistance to anti-BRAF and anti-MEK cancer therapies.
Crystal structure of the human COP9 signalosome.
In vivo discovery of immunotherapy targets in the tumour microenvironment.
Synapse elimination and learning rules co-regulated by MHC class I H2-Db.
Three regimes of extrasolar planet radius inferred from host star metallicities.
Structure of a modular polyketide synthase.
A supermassive black hole in an ultra-compact dwarf galaxy.
PTEX is an essential nexus for protein export in malaria parasites.
Structure of a type IV secretion system.
Piezoelectricity of single-atomic-layer MoS2 for energy conversion and piezotronics.
A synchronized global sweep of the internal genes of modern avian influenza virus.
Structure of the SecY channel during initiation of protein translocation.
Endosomes are specialized platforms for bacterial sensing and NOD2 signalling.
Amygdala interneuron subtypes control fear learning through disinhibition.
mTORC1 controls the adaptive transition of quiescent stem cells from G0 to GAlert.
Normal-state nodal electronic structure in underdoped high-Tc copper oxides.
Crystal structure of the plant dual-affinity nitrate transporter NRT1. 1.
Protein-guided RNA dynamics during early ribosome assembly.
RNA viruses can hijack vertebrate microRNAs to suppress innate immunity.
Research on contraceptives [letter].
Terrill et al.(45) Date of Patent: Sep. 9, 2014.
An uncertain call to arms.
Store-operated Ca2+ entry channels: still elusive!.
Singlet oxygen signaling: from intimate to global.
CD40: a growing cytoplasmic tale.
Expanded nuclear roles for IBs.
Cold shock response and adaptation at near-freezing temperature in microorganisms.
Antibody-mediated immunotherapy of macaques chronically infected with SHIV suppresses viraemia.
Probabilistic cost estimates for climate change mitigation.
Structural insight into the biogenesis of [bgr]-barrel membrane proteins.
CALHM1 ion channel mediates purinergic neurotransmission of sweet, bitter and umami tastes.
Membrane potential dynamics of grid cells.
Stable creeping fault segments can become destructive as a result of dynamic weakening.
Structures of the human and Drosophila 80S ribosome.
Towards practical, high-capacity, low-maintenance information storage in synthesized DNA.
The TLR4 antagonist Eritoran protects mice from lethal influenza infection.
Type 2 innate lymphoid cells control eosinophil homeostasis.
What don't we know?.
Recognition of host immune activation by Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
Rheological measurements of the thermoviscoelastic response of ultrathin polymer films.
Protein synthesis upon acute nutrient restriction relies on proteasome function.
Abrupt and gradual extinction among Late Permian land vertebrates in the Karoo Basin, South Africa.
Large sulfur bacteria and the formation of phosphorite.
Molecular mechanism for switching of P. falciparum invasion pathways into human erythrocytes.
Bridging dimensions: Demultiplexing ultrahigh-density nanowire circuits.
A phenylalanine clamp catalyzes protein translocation through the anthrax toxin pore.
AGRICULTURE: Losing the Links Between.
Plant biology: hormones branch out.
Systems biology: reverse engineering the cell.
Analytical chemistry: Plasma bubbles detect elements.
Tropical farmers need productive alternatives.
Stem cells: in search of common ground.
The origin of hydrogen around HD 209458b.
The action of enhancers can lead to addiction.
Transient FTY720 treatment promotes immune-mediated clearance of a chronic viral infection.
Quantum mechanics: Entangled families.
Europe's research system must change.
The genomic landscapes of human breast and colorectal cancers.
Mussel-inspired surface chemistry for multifunctional coatings.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies loci for type 2 diabetes and triglyceride levels.
Biomass recalcitrance: engineering plants and enzymes for biofuels production.
Room-temperature quantum Hall effect in graphene.
Strong association of de novo copy number mutations with autism.
Switching from repression to activation: microRNAs can up-regulate translation.
Synthesis of tetrahexahedral platinum nanocrystals with high-index facets and high electro-oxidation activity.
Replication of genome-wide association signals in UK samples reveals risk loci for type 2 diabetes.
Improved oxygen reduction activity on Pt3Ni (111) via increased surface site availability.
Insect odorant receptors are molecular targets of the insect repellent DEET.
Subnanometer motion of cargoes driven by thermal gradients along carbon nanotubes.
Variability and robustness in T cell activation from regulated heterogeneity in protein levels.
Smed-catenin-1 is required for anteroposterior blastema polarity in planarian regeneration.
A polymorphism within the G6PC2 gene is associated with fasting plasma glucose levels.
Assembly mechanism of the contractile ring for cytokinesis by fission yeast.
[C] The metastasis cascade.
Studying atomic structures by aberration-corrected transmission electron microscopy.
Latent fingerprint chemical imaging by mass spectrometry.
Predictive models of forest dynamics.
Viscosity of MgSiO3 liquid at Earth's mantle conditions: Implications for an early magma ocean.
Optimal localization by pointing off axis.
Brownian motion of stiff filaments in a crowded environment.
Fractal organic hazes provided an ultraviolet shield for early Earth.
Dynamic metabolons.
Intermediate steps.
1000 Genomes Project gives new map of genetic diversity.
Complexity and diversity.
Salmonella pathogenesis and processing of secreted effectors by caspase-3.
Cassini finds an oxygencarbon dioxide atmosphere at Saturn's icy moon Rhea.
Subatomic features in atomic force microscopy images.
Long Live the Mature B Cell--a BAFFling Mystery Resolved.
PTEN--Coupling Tumor Suppression to Stem Cells?.
Florida fights to stop citrus canker.
Surviving starvation.
UN report suggests slowed forest losses.
Acoustic oscillations in the early universe and today.
Legs, eyes, or wings-selectors and signals make the difference.
Pre-Clovis sites fight for acceptance.
Putting liquids under molecular-scale confinement.
Cancer and genomics.
Absence of deep-water formation in the Labrador Sea during the last interglacial period.
Evolution of leaf-form in land plants linked to atmospheric CO2 decline in the Late Palaeozoic era.
Life's lessons in design.
Habitat structure and population persistence in an experimental community.
Evolutionary radiations and convergences in the structural organization of mammalian brains.
A possible nitrogen crisis for Archaean life due to reduced nitrogen fixation by lightning.
Orbitally induced oscillations in the East Antarctic ice sheet at the Oligocene/Miocene boundary.
Watching fights raises fish hormone levels.
Illusory perceptions of space and time preserve cross-saccadic perceptual continuity.
Modular organic structure-directing agents for the synthesis of zeolites.
Comment on the paleoenvironment of Ardipithecus ramidus.
The Lamb ShiftYesterday, Today, and Tomorrow.
Staphylococcus aureus nonribosomal peptide secondary metabolites regulate virulence.
Testing time for climate science.
Cooperation and the Commons.
Poly (A) tail recognition by a viral RNA element through assembly of a triple helix.
Top-down versus bottom-up.
Anomalous expansion of attractively interacting fermionic atoms in an optical lattice.
Painful failure of promising genital herpes vaccine.
Segregation of nitrogen fixation and oxygenic photosynthesis in the marine cyanobacterium Trichodesmium.
Allele-specific receptor-ligand interactions in Brassica self-incompatibility.
Role of Rab9 GTPase in facilitating receptor recruitment by TIP47.
Variation of crystal dissolution rate based on a dissolution stepwave model.
Recovery of infectious Ebola virus from complementary DNA: RNA editing of the GP gene and viral cytotoxicity.
Pathway databases: a case study in computational symbolic theories.
Magnetic ordering in an organic polymer.
Segregation of human neural stem cells in the developing primate forebrain.
G protein signaling from activated rat frizzled-1 to the -catenin-Lef-Tcf pathway.
Observations of ozone formation in power plant plumes and implications for ozone control strategies.
Discovery of an organic trefoil knot.
Honor thy gut symbionts redux.
A reduced organic carbon component in martian basalts.
Metagenome mining reveals polytheonamides as posttranslationally modified ribosomal peptides.
Water security: research challenges and opportunities.
Religious and sacred imperatives in human conflict.
Absence of detectable arsenate in DNA from arsenate-grown GFAJ-1 cells.
A shorter 146Sm half-life measured and implications for 146Sm-142Nd chronology in the solar system.
The rise of chemodiversity in plants.
Pulsating tubules from noncovalent macrocycles.
14-step synthesis of (+)-ingenol from (+)-3-carene.
Rapid adaptation to climate facilitates range expansion of an invasive plant.
Network-based diffusion analysis reveals cultural transmission of lobtail feeding in humpback whales.
Defining single molecular forces required to activate integrin and notch signaling.
Cleavage of fibrinogen by proteinases elicits allergic responses through Toll-like receptor 4.
Functional roles of pulsing in genetic circuits.
Evidence for water ice near Mercury's north pole from MESSENGER Neutron Spectrometer measurements.
Avoiding a spanning cluster in percolation models.
Engineered SIRP variants as immunotherapeutic adjuvants to anticancer antibodies.
Proton conduction with metal-organic frameworks.
Runx1 is required for the endothelial to haematopoietic cell transition but not thereafter.
Glycerol monolaurate prevents mucosal SIV transmission.
Recent advances and emerging trends in plant hormone signalling.
[C] Climate and species\'range.
Measured long-range repulsive CasimirLifshitz forces.
Ubiquitylation in innate and adaptive immunity.
HMGB proteins function as universal sentinels for nucleic-acid-mediated innate immune responses.
Stably maintained dendritic spines are associated with lifelong memories.
The cap-snatching endonuclease of influenza virus polymerase resides in the PA subunit.
Structure of a potentially open state of a proton-activated pentameric ligand-gated ion channel.
Discovery of novel intermediate forms redefines the fungal tree of life.
Lessons on the pathogenesis of aneurysm from heritable conditions.
A high C/O ratio and weak thermal inversion in the atmosphere of exoplanet WASP-12b.
The evolution of overconfidence.
Additive threats from pathogens, climate and land-use change for global amphibian diversity.
S-nitrosylation of NADPH oxidase regulates cell death in plant immunity.
A transient placental source of serotonin for the fetal forebrain.
Basigin is a receptor essential for erythrocyte invasion by Plasmodium falciparum.
Human-specific loss of regulatory DNA and the evolution of human-specific traits.
Distributed biological computation with multicellular engineered networks.
Measurement of fast electron spin relaxation times with atomic resolution.
Host phylogeny constrains cross-species emergence and establishment of rabies virus in bats.
Alleviating cancer drug toxicity by inhibiting a bacterial enzyme.
Electrocatalytic CO2 conversion to oxalate by a copper complex.
An adaptable peptide-based porous material.
Loss of Rap1 induces telomere recombination in the absence of NHEJ or a DNA damage signal.
Collective lamb shift in single-photon superradiance.
An early T cell lineage commitment checkpoint dependent on the transcription factor Bcl11b.
Mechanisms of proton conduction and gating in influenza M2 proton channels from solid-state NMR.
Measurement of universal thermodynamic functions for a unitary Fermi gas.
Structural basis of transcription: an RNA polymerase II elongation complex at 3.3  resolution.
Coupling and entangling of quantum states in quantum dot molecules.
Atmospheric CO2 concentrations over the last glacial termination.
Regulation of cutaneous malignancy by  T cells.
ATR and ATRIP: partners in checkpoint signaling.
Reversible unfolding of single RNA molecules by mechanical force.
The plasticity of dendritic cell responses to pathogens and their components.
Epigenetic instability in ES cells and cloned mice.
Humans as the world's greatest evolutionary force.
Categorical representation of visual stimuli in the primate prefrontal cortex.
Origin of dramatic oxygen solute strengthening effect in titanium.
Hidden costs of infection: chronic malaria accelerates telomere degradation and senescence in wild birds.
Observing the onset of outflow collimation in a massive protostar.
Machine learning: Trends, perspectives, and prospects.
Crystal structure of the metazoan Nup62 Nup58 Nup54 nucleoporin complex.
Long-term measles-induced immunomodulation increases overall childhood infectious disease mortality.
Constrained work output of the moist atmospheric heat engine in a warming climate.
The whole mitoribosome at high resolution.
Recent hiatus caused by decadal shift in Indo-Pacific heating.
Amacrine-signaled loss of intrinsic axon growth ability by retinal ganglion cells.
A polytene chromosome analysis of the Anopheles gambiae species complex.
Formation of recent Martian debris flows by melting of near-surface ground ice at high obliquity.
Pituitary development: regulatory codes in mammalian organogenesis.
The role of endosymbiotic Wolbachia bacteria in the pathogenesis of river blindness.
Role of diacylglycerol in PKD recruitment to the TGN and protein transport to the plasma membrane.
Direct observation of percolation in a manganite thin film.
Integrin-mediated long-term B cell retention in the splenic marginal zone.
Activation of Drosophila Toll during fungal infection by a blood serine protease.
Guest transport in a nonporous organic solid via dynamic van der Waals cooperativity.
Understanding the infrared spectrum of bare CH5+.
Early local last glacial maximum in the tropical Andes.
GDF11 controls the timing of progenitor cell competence in developing retina.
Active microbial sulfur disproportionation in the Mesoproterozoic.
Deep-ultraviolet quantum interference metrology with ultrashort laser pulses.
Tissue-specific TAFs counteract Polycomb to turn on terminal differentiation.
Quantum interference device made by DNA templating of superconducting nanowires.
Nutritional status and diet composition affect the value of diatoms as copepod prey.
Periodically triggered seismicity at Mount Wrangell, Alaska, after the Sumatra earthquake.
Wingless signaling at synapses is through cleavage and nuclear import of receptor DFrizzled2.
Ecological and immunological determinants of influenza evolution.
A polymer/semiconductor write-once read-many-times memory.
Quality control in the endoplasmic reticulum protein factory.
POT1 as a terminal transducer of TRF1 telomere length control.
High-temperature superconductor bulk magnets that can trap magnetic fields of over 17 tesla at 29 K.
Structure of the core domain of human cardiac troponin in the Ca2&plus;-saturated form.
Dosage sensitivity and the evolution of gene families in yeast.
Ecology: Birds sing at a higher pitch in urban noise.
The genome of a motile marine Synechococcus.
Unique physiological and pathogenic features of Leptospira interrogans revealed by whole-genome sequencing.
Structure of the Repulsive Guidance Molecule (RGM)Neogenin Signaling Hub.
Pesticides under fire for risks to pollinators.
Mapping neuronal diversity one cell at a time.
The basics of translation.
The SARS wake-up call.
Interacting gears synchronize propulsive leg movements in a jumping insect.
The power of negative thinking.
Mandibular remains support taxonomic validity of Australopithecus sediba.
Our viral inheritance.
A Late Eocene date for Late Triassic bird tracks.
Catalysis: the accelerator.
Palaeoanthropology: hesitation on hominin history.
Funding: Australia's grant system wastes time.
Astronomy: Andromeda's extended disk of dwarfs.
Palaeontology: Fossils come in to land.
Stricter standards sought to curb stem-cell confusion.
Neuroscience: to go or not to go.
Changes in North Atlantic nitrogen fixation controlled by ocean circulation.
Altmetrics: Too soon for use in assessment.
Reactome array: forging a link between metabolome and genome.
The cholera crisis in Africa.
Computing has changed biologybiology education must catch up.
Swine Flu names evolving faster than swine flu itself.
Reflections on: our planet and its life, origins, and futures.
Comprehensive control of atomic motion.
Stressed out over a stress hormone.
The global alliance for chronic diseases.
No place too cold.
A new look at aging aerosols.
Type VII collagen is required for Ras-driven human epidermal tumorigenesis.
A conserved checkpoint monitors meiotic chromosome synapsis in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Isolation of two seven-membered ring C58 fullerene derivatives: C58F17CF3 and C58F18.
Miniature analytical methods for medical diagnostics.
A stable aminyl radical metal complex.
GSK-3 and microtubule assembly in axons.
Titan's magnetic field signature during the first Cassini encounter.
A well-preserved Archaeopteryx specimen with theropod features.
Basal anthropoids from Egypt and the antiquity of Africa's higher primate radiation.
Ultraviolet imaging spectroscopy shows an active Saturnian system.
All at sea.
Evolutionary speed limits inferred from the fossil record.
Genetics: inherit the wheeze.
Condensed-matter physics: magnetic frustration squeezed out.
Virus evolution: the importance of being erroneous.
Nonlinear dynamics of ice-wedge networks and resulting sensitivity to severe cooling events.
Science in culture.
Nanotechnology: Electronics and the single atom.
Ecology: Effect of British hunting ban on fox numbers.
Astronomy: Twinkle, twinkle, neutron star.
Antigen bias in T cell cross-priming.
Public health risk from the avian H5N1 influenza epidemic.
Role of microbes in the smectite-to-illite reaction.
Phosphorylation of proteins by inositol pyrophosphates.
Interface structure and atomic bonding characteristics in silicon nitride ceramics.
Coordinated activation of Hsp70 chaperones.
Detection of the intrinsic size of Sagittarius A* through closure amplitude imaging.
Mammalian tissue oxygen levels modulate iron-regulatory protein activities in vivo.
A new strategy for the synthesis of glycoproteins.
Environmentally induced foregut remodeling by PHA-4/FoxA and DAF-12/NHR.
Crystal structure of the sodiumpotassium pump.
Life-history trade-offs favour the evolution of animal personalities.
The SRA protein Np95 mediates epigenetic inheritance by recruiting Dnmt1 to methylated DNA.
A map of the daynight contrast of the extrasolar planet HD 189733b.
Base-excision repair of oxidative DNA damage.
Gene-specific control of inflammation by TLR-induced chromatin modifications.
Identification of Tim4 as a phosphatidylserine receptor.
Protein translocation across the eukaryotic endoplasmic reticulum and bacterial plasma membranes.
Gadd45a promotes epigenetic gene activation by repair-mediated DNA demethylation.
Materials science: nanotube composites.
A Y-like social chromosome causes alternative colony organization in fire ants.
Ediacaran life on land.
Ecosystem-based coastal defence in the face of global change.
Apoptotic cell clearance by bronchial epithelial cells critically influences airway inflammation.
Crystal structure of a Na+-bound Na+, K+-ATPase preceding the E1P state.
Cytosystems dynamics in self-organization of tissue architecture.
Anisotropic leaky-mode modulator for holographic video displays.
Immune surveillance by CD8 [agr][agr]+ skin-resident T [thinsp] cells in human herpes virus infection.
Corticostriatal neurons in auditory cortex drive decisions during auditory discrimination.
Autonomously stabilized entanglement between two superconducting quantum bits.
TP53 loss creates therapeutic vulnerability in colorectal cancer.
Q&A: The numbers game.
Speed cells in the medial entorhinal cortex.
Turning point: William S. Horton.
Pollution: Clear blue skies over Beijing.
Conserved epigenomic signals in mice and humans reveal immune basis of Alzheimer/'s disease.
Cell-of-origin chromatin organization shapes the mutational landscape of cancer.
Mort's laws.
Corrigendum: Human gut Bacteroidetes can utilize yeast mannan through a selfish mechanism.
Strong and deep Atlantic meridional overturning circulation during the last glacial cycle.
Multiple energy scales at a quantum critical point.
Decision-making dysfunctions in psychiatryaltered homeostatic processing?.
A linear pentapeptide is a quorum-sensing factor required for mazEF-mediated cell death in Escherichia coli.
Visual language discrimination in infancy.
Radiationless electromagnetic interference: evanescent-field lenses and perfect focusing.
Male germline stem cells: from mice to men.
Hurricane intensity and eyewall replacement.
Rapid synthesis and synaptic insertion of GluR2 for mGluR-LTD in the ventral tegmental area.
Quantum structure of the intermolecular proton bond.
Whole-genome shotgun sequencing of mitochondria from ancient hair shafts.
TAPping into mRNA export.
Merck reemerges with a bold AIDS vaccine effort.
The perks of balancing glucose.
Invading the genetic code.
An anthropomorphic integrin.
National Count Reveals Major Societal Changes.
Defending deadwood.
Centrioles at the checkpoint.
" Majorite" and" silicate perovskite" mineral compositions in xenoliths from Malaita.
The push-me pull-you of T cell activation.
An over-massive black hole in a typical star-forming galaxy, 2 billion years after the Big Bang.
Colloidal matter: Packing, geometry, and entropy.
Luminance-dependent visual processing enables moth flight in low light.
U-Pb geochronology of the Deccan Traps and relation to the end-Cretaceous mass extinction.
Glycerophospholipid regulation of modality-specific sensory axon guidance in the spinal cord.
Boom & bust in the Great White North.
Unlearning implicit social biases during sleep.
Hoax-detecting software spots fake papers.
Challenges of a lowered US ozone standard.
Diagnostic testing fails the test.
Host plants influence parasitism of forest caterpillars.
A transcription-factor-binding surface of coactivator p300 is required for haematopoiesis.
DNA reveals high dispersal synchronizing the population dynamics of Canada lynx.
Sex differences in emigration and mortality affect optimal management of deer populations.
De novo pyrimidine biosynthesis is required for virulence of Toxoplasma gondii.
Pressure-induced crystallization of a spin liquid.
The mechanosensory protein MEC-6 is a subunit of the C. elegans touch-cell degenerin channel.
Assessing the risks associated with new agricultural practices.
Endocytosis-mediated downregulation of LIN-12/Notch upon Ras activation in Caenorhabditis elegans.
A localized Wnt signal orients asymmetric stem cell division in vitro.
Molecular mechanism of action of microtubule-stabilizing anticancer agents.
A secreted PTEN phosphatase that enters cells to alter signaling and survival.
Hepatitis C virus E2 envelope glycoprotein core structure.
Curiosity at Gale crater, Mars: Characterization and analysis of the Rocknest sand shadow.
Deep cortical layers are activated directly by thalamus.
Comment on ApoE-directed therapeutics rapidly clear -amyloid and reverse deficits in AD mouse models.
Two dimensions of value: dopamine neurons represent reward but not aversiveness.
Sequencing Y chromosomes resolves discrepancy in time to common ancestor of males versus females.
Structural reorganization of the Toll-like receptor 8 dimer induced by agonistic ligands.
Ballistic spin resonance.
Saturn's largest ring.
Kinematic variables and water transport control the formation and location of arc volcanoes.
Total synthesis of a chlorosulpholipid cytotoxin associated with seafood poisoning.
A conserved ubiquitination pathway determines longevity in response to diet restriction.
Acceleration of neutral atoms in strong short-pulse laser fields.
Geothermal quake risks must be faced.
A binary origin for 'blue stragglers' in globular clusters.
The active form of DNA polymerase V is UmuD 2CRecAATP.
Structure of a tetrameric MscL in an expanded intermediate state.
FKF1 and GIGANTEA complex formation is required for day-length measurement in Arabidopsis.
Augmented Wnt signaling in a mammalian model of accelerated aging.
Optical quantum computing.
Brain IRS2 signaling coordinates life span and nutrient homeostasis.
Effects of aneuploidy on cellular physiology and cell division in haploid yeast.
A systems approach to measuring the binding energy landscapes of transcription factors.
The structure of ferrihydrite, a nanocrystalline material.
Astrocytes potentiate transmitter release at single hippocampal synapses.
Polymers with cavities tuned for fast selective transport of small molecules and ions.
Engineering entropy-driven reactions and networks catalyzed by DNA.
Geochemistry: When carbon escaped from the sea.
Recovery potential of the world's coral reef fishes.
Textiles: Fabrics of life.
The fine-scale genetic structure of the British population.
Corrigendum: Mutant IDH inhibits HNF-4 [agr] to block hepatocyte differentiation and promote biliary cancer.
A multilevel multimodal circuit enhances action selection in Drosophila.
Eye-like ocelloids are built from different endosymbiotically acquired components.
Measurement of the first ionization potential of lawrencium, element 103.
Satellite imaging: disaster mapping by citizens is limited.
Biochemistry: Elusive source of sulfur unravelled.
Gut inflammation provides a respiratory electron acceptor for Salmonella.
Human melanoma-initiating cells express neural crest nerve growth factor receptor CD271.
Control of mammary stem cell function by steroid hormone signalling.
Transfer of carbohydrate-active enzymes from marine bacteria to Japanese gut microbiota.
Helical assembly in the MyD88IRAK4IRAK2 complex in TLR/IL-1R signalling.
Broken rotational symmetry in the pseudogap phase of a high-Tc superconductor.
HnRNP proteins controlled by c-Myc deregulate pyruvate kinase mRNA splicing in cancer.
A three-dimensional model of the yeast genome.
Epigenetics as a unifying principle in the aetiology of complex traits and diseases.
Viruses in the faecal microbiota of monozygotic twins and their mothers.
Improved estimates of upper-ocean warming and multi-decadal sea-level rise.
Unconventional superconductivity in Ba0. 6K0. 4Fe2As2 from inelastic neutron scattering.
Squeezing and entanglement in a BoseEinstein condensate.
The increasing intensity of the strongest tropical cyclones.
Copy-number variations associated with neuropsychiatric conditions.
Speciation through sensory drive in cichlid fish.
Blocking VEGFR-3 suppresses angiogenic sprouting and vascular network formation.
Insect olfactory receptors are heteromeric ligand-gated ion channels.
Transient cyclical methylation of promoter DNA.
Molecular architecture of native HIV-1 gp120 trimers.
Early Archaean microorganisms preferred elemental sulfur, not sulfate.
Quantized transport in graphene pn junctions in a magnetic field.
Pairing without superfluidity: The ground state of an imbalanced Fermi mixture.
Adaptive mutations in bacteria: high rate and small effects.
Comment on" Obestatin, a peptide encoded by the ghrelin gene, opposes ghrelin's effects on food intake".
Transcranial magnetic stimulation elicits coupled neural and hemodynamic consequences.
Boron-toxicity tolerance in barley arising from efflux transporter amplification.
Hurricane Katrina's carbon footprint on US Gulf Coast forests.
Transgenerational plasticity is adaptive in the wild.
Regulation of homeostatic chemokine expression and cell trafficking during immune responses.
Blue-light-activated histidine kinases: two-component sensors in bacteria.
Picobiliphytes: a marine picoplanktonic algal group with unknown affinities to other eukaryotes.
Observed flow compensation associated with the MOC at 26.5 N in the Atlantic.
Bypass of DNA lesions generated during anticancer treatment with cisplatin by DNA polymerase .
Monochromatic electron photoemission from diamondoid monolayers.
Human genome ultraconserved elements are ultraselected.
Quantitative imaging of nitrogen fixation by individual bacteria within animal cells.
Early Upper Paleolithic in Eastern Europe and implications for the dispersal of modern humans.
High-pressure creep of serpentine, interseismic deformation, and initiation of subduction.
Temperature as a universal resetting cue for mammalian circadian oscillators.
Kepler-9: a system of multiple planets transiting a Sun-like star, confirmed by timing variations.
Conversion of sugars to lactic acid derivatives using heterogeneous zeotype catalysts.
A unifying genetic model for facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy.
Australopithecus sediba: A new species of Homo-like australopith from South Africa.
Functional modules and structural basis of conformational coupling in mitochondrial complex I.
A composite of multiple signals distinguishes causal variants in regions of positive selection.
Systematic analysis of human protein complexes identifies chromosome segregation proteins.
Increased silver activity for direct propylene epoxidation via subnanometer size effects.
Broken-symmetry states in doubly gated suspended bilayer graphene.
The intracellular fate of Salmonella depends on the recruitment of kinesin.
Stem-cell homeostasis and growth dynamics can be uncoupled in the Arabidopsis shoot apex.
Recombination regulation by transcription-induced cohesin dissociation in rDNA repeats.
Wolbachia establishment and invasion in an Aedes aegypti laboratory population.
Assistance of microbial glycolipid antigen processing by CD1e.
An experimental approach to the percolation of sticky nanotubes.
A thiolate-ligated nonheme oxoiron (IV) complex relevant to cytochrome P450.
More women in science.
Pathogen surveillance in animals.
Ordered liquid aluminum at the interface with sapphire.
Positional cloning of zebrafish ferroportin1 identifies a conserved vertebrate iron exporter.
AFX-like Forkhead transcription factors mediate cell-cycle regulation by Ras and PKB through p27kip1.
Methylation of a CTCF-dependent boundary controls imprinted expression of the Igf2 gene.
Induction of neurogenesis in the neocortex of adult mice.
Superconductivity on the border of itinerant-electron ferromagnetism in UGe2.
Anti-inflammatory cyclopentenone prostaglandins are direct inhibitors of IB kinase.
A DNA-fuelled molecular machine made of DNA.
Structural determinants of water permeation through aquaporin-1.
Real-time prediction of hand trajectory by ensembles of cortical neurons in primates.
Polarization rotation mechanism for ultrahigh electromechanical response in single-crystal piezoelectrics.
Local sleep and learning.
Recycling lower continental crust in the North China craton.
Collapse and rapid resumption of Atlantic meridional circulation linked to deglacial climate changes.
Colloidal nanocrystal heterostructures with linear and branched topology.
The scientific impact of nations.
Lipocalin 2 mediates an innate immune response to bacterial infection by sequestrating iron.
Germline stem cells and follicular renewal in the postnatal mammalian ovary.
The challenge of emerging and re-emerging infectious diseases.
Bayesian integration in sensorimotor learning.
Hedgehog signalling in prostate regeneration, neoplasia and metastasis.
Loss of fish actinotrichia proteins and the fin-to-limb transition.
Forecasts needed for retreating forests.
A massive star origin for an unusual helium-rich supernova in an elliptical galaxy.
Location of corneal epithelial stem cells.
The recent formation of Saturn's moonlets from viscous spreading of the main rings.
Towards building a chromosome segregation machine.
Warm water vapour in the sooty outflow from a luminous carbon star.
Rere controls retinoic acid signalling and somite bilateral symmetry.
Nanoscale scanning probe ferromagnetic resonance imaging using localized modes.
Satellite phage TLC [phgr] enables toxigenic conversion by CTX phage through dif site alteration.
The nexus of chromatin regulation and intermediary metabolism.
X-ray structure of the mammalian GIRK2-[bgr][ggr] G-protein complex.
Parvalbumin-expressing basket-cell network plasticity induced by experience regulates adult learning.
Demonstration of electron acceleration in a laser-driven dielectric microstructure.
High-resolution Xist binding maps reveal two-step spreading during X-chromosome inactivation.
Drosophila NOMPC is a mechanotransduction channel subunit for gentle-touch sensation.
Distinct fibroblast lineages determine dermal architecture in skin development and repair.
Topoisomerases facilitate transcription of long genes linked to autism.
D14-SCFD3-dependent degradation of D53 regulates strigolactone signalling.
Ecosystem resilience despite large-scale altered hydroclimatic conditions.
Optically induced entanglement of excitons in a single quantum dot.
Millennial-scale dynamics of southern Amazonian rain forests.
Intersubband electroluminescence from silicon-based quantum cascade structures.
Response to RAG-mediated V (D) J cleavage by NBS1 and -H2AX.
Seeing the herpesvirus capsid at 8.5 .
Patterning of the zebrafish retina by a wave of sonic hedgehog activity.
US soil erosion rates--myth and reality.
Rapid progression to AIDS in HIV+ individuals with a structural variant of the chemokine receptor CX3CR1.
The cradle of agriculture.
One sequence, two ribozymes: implications for the emergence of new ribozyme folds.
Dimensionality of consumer search space drives trophic interaction strengths.
Systematic discovery of structural elements governing stability of mammalian messenger RNAs.
Hippocampal-cortical interaction during periods of subcortical silence.
Attention deficits without cortical neuronal deficits.
Non-synaptic inhibition between grouped neurons in an olfactory circuit.
Cis-regulatory control of corticospinal system development and evolution.
Ocean science: the power of plankton.
Crystal structure of a membrane-embedded H+-translocating pyrophosphatase.
Disentangling nestedness from models of ecological complexity.
A transcriptomic hourglass in plant embryogenesis.
Plant pathology: sudden larch death.
The histone variant macroH2A suppresses melanoma progression through regulation of CDK8.
Tailoring light-matter-spin interactions in colloidal hetero-nanostructures.
The key nickel enzyme of methanogenesis catalyses the anaerobic oxidation of methane.
The Ndc80 kinetochore complex forms oligomeric arrays along microtubules.
In vivo imaging of labelled endogenous [bgr]-actin mRNA during nucleocytoplasmic transport.
Structure of the gating ring from the human large-conductance Ca2+-gated K+ channel.
Identification of an aggression-promoting pheromone and its receptor neurons in Drosophila.
Double Holliday junctions are intermediates of DNA break repair.
Identification of two evolutionarily conserved genes regulating processing of engulfed apoptotic cells.
Plastin 3 is a protective modifier of autosomal recessive spinal muscular atrophy.
Functional targeting of DNA damage to a nuclear pore-associated SUMO-dependent ubiquitin ligase.
Cathepsin K-dependent toll-like receptor 9 signaling revealed in experimental arthritis.
Spatial regulators for bacterial cell division self-organize into surface waves in vitro.
The global stoichiometry of litter nitrogen mineralization.
A cholesterol biosynthesis inhibitor blocks Staphylococcus aureus virulence.
Species-specific transcription in mice carrying human chromosome 21.
ERdj5 is required as a disulfide reductase for degradation of misfolded proteins in the ER.
Ubiquitin-like protein involved in the proteasome pathway of Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
A retrotransposon-mediated gene duplication underlies morphological variation of tomato fruit.
A gut lipid messenger links excess dietary fat to dopamine deficiency.
Low coseismic friction on the Tohoku-Oki fault determined from temperature measurements.
CaMKII in lateral habenula mediates core symptoms of depression.
Paramyxovirus V proteins disrupt the fold of the RNA sensor MDA5 to inhibit antiviral signaling.
Nonredundant function of soluble LT3 produced by innate lymphoid cells in intestinal homeostasis.
From cosmology to cold atoms: observation of Sakharov oscillations in a quenched atomic superfluid.
A conserved mechanism for centromeric nucleosome recognition by centromere protein CENP-C.
Graphene nanophotonics.
Imaging of the CO snow line in a solar nebula analog.
Direct and reversible hydrogenation of CO2 to formate by a bacterial carbon dioxide reductase.
Multisensory control of hippocampal spatiotemporal selectivity.
Nondestructive detection of an optical photon.
The petrochemistry of Jake_M: A Martian mugearite.
Delineating antibody recognition in polyclonal sera from patterns of HIV-1 isolate neutralization.
Transcription under torsion.
Ultrahigh magnetoresistance at room temperature in molecular wires.
An airborne transmissible avian influenza H5 hemagglutinin seen at the atomic level.
Uncovering the protein translocon at the chloroplast inner envelope membrane.
Little emperors: behavioral impacts of China's one-child policy.
The closing door of climate targets.
Low Mid-Proterozoic atmospheric oxygen levels and the delayed rise of animals.
Chemically mediated behavior of recruiting corals and fishes: A tipping point that may limit reef recovery.
The melanoma revolution: From UV carcinogenesis to a new era in therapeutics.
Prevalence of small-scale jets from the networks of the solar transition region and chromosphere.
Hydroxylation of the surface of PbS nanocrystals passivated with oleic acid.
Early 56Ni decay gamma rays from SN2014J suggest an unusual explosion.
Screening for noise in gene expression identifies drug synergies.
Retrograde semaphorin signaling regulates synapse elimination in the developing mouse brain.
Zooming in to see the bigger picture: Microfluidic and nanofabrication tools to study bacteria.
What the numbers tell us.
Haem oxygenase is synthetically lethal with the tumour suppressor fumarate hydratase.
Diffraction-unlimited all-optical imaging and writing with a photochromic GFP.
An extremely primitive star in the Galactic halo.
FAS and NF-[kgr] B signalling modulate dependence of lung cancers on mutant EGFR.
A single-atom quantum memory.
Direct reprogramming of somatic cells is promoted by maternal transcription factor Glis1.
Natural gas: Should fracking stop?.
Crystal structure of the human centromeric nucleosome containing CENP-A.
Fault lubrication during earthquakes.
HDACs link the DNA damage response, processing of double-strand breaks and autophagy.
The formation of plagioclase chains during convective transfer in basaltic magma.
Pattern recognition and active vision in chickens.
A pygostyle from a non-avian theropod.
Nanotechnology: Flipping a molecular switch.
New approaches to old age.
Cancer: Taking up iodide in breast tissue.
Aerodynamics: From insects to microvehicles.
Determination of relative growth rates of natural quartz crystals.
Proximate humid and dry regions in Jupiter's atmosphere indicate complex local meteorology.
Questioning evidence for recombination in human mitochondrial DNA.
Promoter-selective properties of the TBP-related factor TRF1.
Distinct roles for TBP and TBP-like factor in early embryonic gene transcription in Xenopus.
Specialized fatty acid synthesis in African trypanosomes: myristate for GPI anchors.
A mechanical model for intraplate earthquakes: Application to the New Madrid seismic zone.
Photon-mediated hybridization of Frenkel excitons in organic semiconductor microcavities.
An orientational transition of bent-core molecules in an anisotropic matrix.
El Nino-like climate teleconnections in New England during the late Pleistocene.
The shape of 433 Eros from the NEAR-Shoemaker laser rangefinder.
Natural NaAlSi3O8-hollandite in the shocked Sixiangkou meteorite.
[DOC][DOC] GT01 M22 NM_026247.
Evolution in action.
Harvesting medical information from the human family tree.
The synthesis and evolution of a supermodel.
Trusted Virtual Domains: Secure foundations for business and IT services.
Chitin, cholera, and competence.
An observation of PKJKP: inferences on inner core shear properties.
Island biogeography of populations: an introduced species transforms survival patterns.
Who probes deadliness of China's pig-borne disease.
Ras on the Roundabout.
Nuclear trafficking.
Zeolites go organic.
A dog's breakfast?.
The threat to cone snails.
Natural substances and patentable inventions.
[C] The big question now: will it be back?.
Consensus on ecological impacts remains elusive.
Response to Comments on" Tumor Response to Radiotherapy Regulated by Endothelial Cell Apoptosis".
Orienting stem cells.
Geometric origin of hexagonal close packing at a grain boundary in gold.
Characterization of mammalian selenoproteomes.
Bose-Einstein condensation of molecules.
Genome-wide survey of human alternative pre-mRNA splicing with exon junction microarrays.
Diffusion dynamics of glycine receptors revealed by single-quantum dot tracking.
Structure-based carbon nanotube sorting by sequence-dependent DNA assembly.
Role of microRNAs in plant and animal development.
Molecular pathways of neurodegeneration in Parkinson's disease.
Transformation of a simple plastic into a superhydrophobic surface.
Requirement for CD4 T cell help in generating functional CD8 T cell memory.
Casting metal nanowires within discrete self-assembled peptide nanotubes.
Mirror neurons differentially encode the peripersonal and extrapersonal space of monkeys.
A transposon-based genetic screen in mice identifies genes altered in colorectal cancer.
Dopamine controls persistence of long-term memory storage.
Structure of monomeric yeast and mammalian Sec61 complexes interacting with the translating ribosome.
Lunar global shape and polar topography derived from Kaguya-LALT laser altimetry.
Alfvn waves in the lower solar atmosphere.
Immune activation by life-shortening Wolbachia and reduced filarial competence in mosquitoes.
The domestication process and domestication rate in rice: spikelet bases from the Lower Yangtze.
Reversal of RNA dominance by displacement of protein sequestered on triplet repeat RNA.
The dynamic control of kiss-and-run and vesicular reuse probed with single nanoparticles.
Identification and functional expression of the mitochondrial pyruvate carrier.
Chitin-induced dimerization activates a plant immune receptor.
Population genomics of early events in the ecological differentiation of bacteria.
Luminous Supernovae.
Plant UVR8 photoreceptor senses UV-B by tryptophan-mediated disruption of cross-dimer salt bridges.
Synthetic lipid membrane channels formed by designed DNA nanostructures.
U-series dating of Paleolithic art in 11 caves in Spain.
Divergent nematic susceptibility in an iron arsenide superconductor.
Integrated compact optical vortex beam emitters.
Predicting pragmatic reasoning in language games.
Triple vortex ring structure in superfluid helium II.
Rippling instability of a collapsing bubble.
Emergence of genetic instability in children treated for leukemia.
Anomalous polarization profiles in sunspots: possible origin of umbral flashes.
Malaysian researchers trace Nipah virus outbreak to bats.
Cold numbers unmake the quantum mind.
Viscosity mechanisms in accretion disks.
Hepatitis C virus, the E2 envelope protein, and -interferon resistance.
Computers aid vaccine design.
FDA halts all gene therapy trials at Penn.
A limit on the variation of the speed of light arising from quantum gravity effects.
Electrical creation of spin polarization in silicon at room temperature.
The RNA-binding protein KSRP promotes the biogenesis of a subset of microRNAs.
Precise genome modification in the crop species Zea mays using zinc-finger nucleases.
Optical manipulation of nanoparticles and biomolecules in sub-wavelength slot waveguides.
Frequency of gamma oscillations routes flow of information in the hippocampus.
CBP/p300-mediated acetylation of histone H3 on lysine 56.
A tunable synthetic mammalian oscillator.
Spatiotemporal control of cell signalling using a light-switchable protein interaction.
What recent ribosome structures have revealed about the mechanism of translation.
New cofactor supports [agr],[bgr]-unsaturated acid decarboxylation via 1, 3-dipolar cycloaddition.
Theatre: Atomic tragedian.
[C] IPCC: calling social scientists of all kinds.
Molecular basis for 5-carboxycytosine recognition by RNA polymerase II elongation complex.
Ongoing hydrothermal activities within Enceladus.
Microscopy: Access to the bigger picture in histology.
Green research labs: Zero net emissions from Venter facility.
Molecular biology: Splicing does the two-step.
A primordial origin for the compositional similarity between the Earth and the Moon.
Branch-specific dendritic Ca2+ spikes cause persistent synaptic plasticity.
Food security: the challenge of feeding 9 billion people.
Effectiveness and safety of tenofovir gel, an antiretroviral microbicide, for the prevention of HIV infection in women.
Lipid rafts as a membrane-organizing principle.
100-GHz transistors from wafer-scale epitaxial graphene.
A draft sequence of the Neandertal genome.
Development of monocytes, macrophages, and dendritic cells.
Global biodiversity: indicators of recent declines.
Creation of a bacterial cell controlled by a chemically synthesized genome.
Ultrahigh porosity in metal-organic frameworks.
Therapeutic silencing of microRNA-122 in primates with chronic hepatitis C virus infection.
Meropenem-clavulanate is effective against extensively drug-resistant Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
MAPK3/1 (ERK1/2) in ovarian granulosa cells are essential for female fertility.
Induced chromosomal proximity and gene fusions in prostate cancer.
Universality in three-and four-body bound states of ultracold atoms.
RNAi in budding yeast.
Beyond the data deluge.
DICER1 mutations in familial pleuropulmonary blastoma.
Lubrication at physiological pressures by polyzwitterionic brushes.
Why capture CO2 from the atmosphere?.
The formation of population III binaries from cosmological initial conditions.
[C] Stem cells: Asymmetric rejuvenation.
Embed the social sciences in climate policy.
Indirect costs: Cash is no gravy train.
[C] The puppet.
Carl Djerassi (1923-2015).
Nuclear physics: New light on a cold war conundrum.
Galaxy formation: When the wind blows.
Metal-catalysed azidation of tertiary CH bonds suitable for late-stage functionalization.
Palaeontology: Hallucigenia's head.
Stout guards of the central nervous system.
Antiaging research and the need for public dialogue.
A hot-vent gastropod with iron sulfide dermal sclerites.
The importance of being alkaline.
Enhanced upper tropical tropospheric COS: Impact on the stratospheric aerosol layer.
Oceanic Rossby waves acting as a" hay rake" for ecosystem floating by-products.
High deleterious genomic mutation rate in stationary phase of Escherichia coli.
Genes record a prehistoric volcano eruption in the Galpagos.
Retraction in amoeboid cell motility powered by cytoskeletal dynamics.
Decadal variation of the surface water pCO2 in the western and central equatorial Pacific.
Hematopoietic stem cell gene therapy with a lentiviral vector in X-linked adrenoleukodystrophy.
A simple cipher governs DNA recognition by TAL effectors.
Observation of unconventional quantum spin textures in topological insulators.
Historical warnings of future food insecurity with unprecedented seasonal heat.
Antibiotics for emerging pathogens.
Identification of splenic reservoir monocytes and their deployment to inflammatory sites.
The last glacial maximum.
Self-control in decision-making involves modulation of the vmPFC valuation system.
Regulators of PP2C phosphatase activity function as abscisic acid sensors.
Gold helix photonic metamaterial as broadband circular polarizer.
Oestrogen increases haematopoietic stem-cell self-renewal in females and during pregnancy.
Alterations of the human gut microbiome in liver cirrhosis.
Structures of the Sec61 complex engaged in nascent peptide translocation or membrane insertion.
Contribution of semi-arid ecosystems to interannual variability of the global carbon cycle.
Enhancer loops appear stable during development and are associated with paused polymerase.
Type I interferon responses in rhesus macaques prevent SIV infection and slow disease progression.
Innate immune sensing of bacterial modifications of Rho GTPases by the Pyrin inflammasome.
Space-time wiring specificity supports direction selectivity in the retina.
Human oocytes reprogram adult somatic nuclei of a type 1 diabetic to diploid pluripotent stem cells.
The genome of the recently domesticated crop plant sugar beet (Beta vulgaris).
Aligning pharmaceutical innovation with medical need.
Open-access journal will publish first, judge later.
High-temperature superconductivity: Local pairs and small surfaces.
Chemists poke holes in ozone theory.
Maternal nodal and zebrafish embryogenesis.
Polymer chemistry: Sacrificial synthesis.
Driving a wedge into the Amazon.
Materials science: Purity rolled up in a tube.
Magnetoelectrics: Is CdCr2S4 a multiferroic relaxor?(reply).
Cancer: division of labour.
The impact and recovery of asteroid 2008 TC3.
Bursts of retrotransposition reproduced in Arabidopsis.
Thermal vestige of the zero-temperature jamming transition.
Systems-level dynamic analyses of fate change in murine embryonic stem cells.
Tbx18 and the fate of epicardial progenitors.
Neuroscience: Alzheimer's disease.
Genome-wide analysis of Notch signalling in Drosophila by transgenic RNAi.
Protein structure determination in living cells by in-cell NMR spectroscopy.
The role of black holes in galaxy formation and evolution.
GOLPH3 modulates mTOR signalling and rapamycin sensitivity in cancer.
A single IGF1 allele is a major determinant of small size in dogs.
Role of intermolecular forces in defining material properties of protein nanofibrils.
Rapid changes in ice discharge from Greenland outlet glaciers.
Emergent biogeography of microbial communities in a model ocean.
Current-induced hydrogen tautomerization and conductance switching of naphthalocyanine molecules.
Species interactions reverse grassland responses to changing climate.
A comprehensive phylogeny of beetles reveals the evolutionary origins of a superradiation.
Regulation of spontaneous intestinal tumorigenesis through the adaptor protein MyD88.
Quantum Hall effect in polar oxide heterostructures.
Motor proteins at work for nanotechnology.
RGS-PX1, a GAP for Gs and sorting nexin in vesicular trafficking.
Dominant-negative mutants of a toxin subunit: an approach to therapy of anthrax.
Observation of covalent intermediates in an enzyme mechanism at atomic resolution.
A complex pattern of mantle flow in the Lau backarc.
Toward behavioral genomics.
Total Recall--the Memory of Addiction.
Far-reaching effects of the Hawaiian Islands on the Pacific ocean-atmosphere system.
Costs and the diversification of exaggerated animal structures.
Synchronous tropical South China Sea SST change and Greenland warming during deglaciation.
UDP-glucose dehydrogenase required for cardiac valve formation in zebrafish.
Androgenetic haploid embryonic stem cells produce live transgenic mice.
Structure of the TatC core of the twin-arginine protein transport system.
The Josephson heat interferometer.
Recognition of SUMO-modified PCNA requires tandem receptor motifs in Srs2.
A comparative analysis of the evolution of imperfect mimicry.
Nonlinear dendritic processing determines angular tuning of barrel cortex neurons in vivo.
Rapid coupling between ice volume and polar temperature over the past 150,000 [thinsp] years.
Physics: Make nanotechnology research open-source.
Lrp4 is a retrograde signal for presynaptic differentiation at neuromuscular synapses.
Hafnium isotope evidence for a transition in the dynamics of continental growth 3.2 [thinsp] Gyr ago.
Linking the p53 tumour suppressor pathway to somatic cell reprogramming.
c-Myc suppression of miR-23a/b enhances mitochondrial glutaminase expression and glutamine metabolism.
Direct observation of the nanoscale dynamics of membrane lipids in a living cell.
Modulation of microRNA processing by p53.
The DNA-encoded nucleosome organization of a eukaryotic genome.
A quantum gas microscope for detecting single atoms in a Hubbard-regime optical lattice.
Genes that mediate breast cancer metastasis to the brain.
iPS cells produce viable mice through tetraploid complementation.
Predicting new molecular targets for known drugs.
Regulation of inflammatory responses by gut microbiota and chemoattractant receptor GPR43.
Evolution of an MCM complex in flies that promotes meiotic crossovers by blocking BLM helicase.
Feathered non-avian dinosaurs from North America provide insight into wing origins.
The APC/C inhibitor XErp1/Emi2 is essential for Xenopus early embryonic divisions.
Segregation and Wiring in the Brain.
European teacher training reforms.
An alternative route for nuclear mRNP export by membrane budding.
Explosive backpacks in old termite workers.
Response to Comment on Dynamics of Dpp Signaling and Proliferation Control.
LEGO-like DNA structures.
Evidence for an early prokaryotic endosymbiosis.
Preserving noble gases in a convecting mantle.
Alzheimer's disease: A prion protein connection.
Plant biology: genetics of high-rise rice.
A semi-aquatic Arctic mammalian carnivore from the Miocene epoch and origin of Pinnipedia.
Squeezing and over-squeezing of triphotons.
A reevaluation of X-irradiation-induced phocomelia and proximodistal limb patterning.
Virology: Final entry key for hepatitis C.
Convective upwelling in the mantle beneath the Gulf of California.
Personal technology: Phoning in data.
Greenland ice sheet: High-elevation balance and peripheral thinning.
Hydrological impact of Heinrich events in the subtropical northeast Atlantic.
Rab1 recruitment of p115 into a cis-SNARE complex: programming budding COPII vesicles for fusion.
Evidence for mating of the" asexual" yeast Candida albicans in a mammalian host.
Susceptibility locus for Alzheimer's disease on chromosome 10.
Alteration of stimulus-specific guard cell calcium oscillations and stomatal closing in Arabidopsis det3 mutant.
Molecular evidence for the early evolution of photosynthesis.
Calcium sensitivity of glutamate release in a calyx-type terminal.
A nanoplotter with both parallel and serial writing capabilities.
Microrobots for micrometer-size objects in aqueous media: potential tools for single-cell manipulation.
Controlling electromagnetic fields.
Toxic potential of materials at the nanolevel.
Electronic confinement and coherence in patterned epitaxial graphene.
Metamaterial electromagnetic cloak at microwave frequencies.
Piezoelectric nanogenerators based on zinc oxide nanowire arrays.
Imaging intracellular fluorescent proteins at nanometer resolution.
The path forward for biofuels and biomaterials.
Plasmonics: merging photonics and electronics at nanoscale dimensions.
The consensus coding sequences of human breast and colorectal cancers.
Optical conformal mapping.
Cortical 5-HT2A receptor signaling modulates anxiety-like behaviors in mice.
Naive and memory CD4+ T cell survival controlled by clonal abundance.
Extending top-down mass spectrometry to proteins with masses greater than 200 kilodaltons.
A bacterial inhibitor of host programmed cell death defenses is an E3 ubiquitin ligase.
A clamping mechanism involved in SNARE-dependent exocytosis.
Carbon nanotubes as high-pressure cylinders and nanoextruders.
Structural basis of glmS ribozyme activation by glucosamine-6-phosphate.
Initial transcription by RNA polymerase proceeds through a DNA-scrunching mechanism.
Synergistic antitumor effects of immune cell-viral biotherapy.
A small microbial genome: the end of a long symbiotic relationship?.
Metamaterials and negative refractive index.
Hereditary early-onset Parkinson's disease caused by mutations in PINK1.
Global mapping of the yeast genetic interaction network.
Cubic AgPbmSbTe2+ m: Bulk thermoelectric materials with high figure of merit.
The role of the medial frontal cortex in cognitive control.
Ecological linkages between aboveground and belowground biota.
Activating mutations of NOTCH1 in human T cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
A map of the interactome network of the metazoan C. elegans.
Autophagy in health and disease: a double-edged sword.
Overriding imatinib resistance with a novel ABL kinase inhibitor.
Beyond DSM: seeking a brain-based classification of mental illness.
Matters of scale.
Dysregulated humoral immunity to nontyphoidal Salmonella in HIV-infected African adults.
Punishers benefit from third-party punishment in fish.
Glutamine deamidation and dysfunction of ubiquitin/NEDD8 induced by a bacterial effector family.
A test of the snowball theory for the rate of evolution of hybrid incompatibilities.
Mcl-1 is essential for germinal center formation and B cell memory.
Bacteria use type IV pili to walk upright and detach from surfaces.
The effective fine-structure constant of freestanding graphene measured in graphite.
Structures of C3b in complex with factors B and D give insight into complement convertase formation.
Programming colloidal phase transitions with DNA strand displacement.
A century of general relativity: Astrophysics and cosmology.
Ions' response to hydrophobic surfaces.
Cryo-EM structure of the activated NAIP2-NLRC4 inflammasome reveals nucleated polymerization.
Who can cleave DMSP?.
Profiling risk and sustainability in coastal deltas of the world.
Cycles of species replacement emerge from locally induced maternal effects on offspring behavior in a passerine bird.
Atlantic and Pacific multidecadal oscillations and Northern Hemisphere temperatures.
Limited scope for latitudinal extension of reef corals.
Expansion microscopy.
Jun turnover is controlled through JNK-dependent phosphorylation of the E3 ligase Itch.
Enhanced open ocean storage of CO2 from shelf sea pumping.
The Spirit rover's Athena science investigation at Gusev crater, Mars.
Species coextinctions and the biodiversity crisis.
The human polyomavirus, JCV, uses serotonin receptors to infect cells.
Mouse brain organization revealed through direct genome-scale TF expression analysis.
A reversible synthetic rotary molecular motor.
Evidence of hominin control of fire at Gesher Benot Yaaqov, Israel.
Phospholipid metabolism regulated by a transcription factor sensing phosphatidic acid.
Genetic dissection of complex traits with chromosome substitution strains of mice.
Intrinsic transition of embryonic stem-cell differentiation into neural progenitors.
Atomic homodyne detection of continuous-variable entangled twin-atom states.
Transforming binding affinities from three dimensions to two with application to cadherin clustering.
The structure and catalytic mechanism of a poly (ADP-ribose) glycohydrolase.
A compact system of small planets around a former red-giant star.
Derivation of haploid embryonic stem cells from mouse embryos.
Enzyme-catalysed &lsqb; 4+ 2&rsqb; cycloaddition is a key step in the biosynthesis of spinosyn A.
Strong contributors to network persistence are the most vulnerable to extinction.
CKI [agr] ablation highlights a critical role for p53 in invasiveness control.
Programmed cell death: Apoptosis meets necrosis.
The poleward migration of the location of tropical cyclone maximum intensity.
Crystal structure of the RNA-guided immune surveillance Cascade complex in Escherichia coli.
Nanoparticle solutions as adhesives for gels and biological tissues.
Contrasting forms of cocaine-evoked plasticity control components of relapse.
Tropical forcing of the recent rapid Arctic warming in northeastern Canada and Greenland.
Genome sequencing of normal cells reveals developmental lineages and mutational processes.
Reprogramming human endothelial cells to haematopoietic cells requires vascular induction.
Widespread decline of Congo rainforest greenness in the past decade.
Clonal dynamics of native haematopoiesis.
Structural basis for outer membrane lipopolysaccharide insertion.
Disruptive sexual selection for plumage coloration in a passerine bird.
Global change: rice, microbes and methane.
Clean and green... but are they mean?.
Bonding and reactivity at oxide mineral surfaces from model aqueous complexes.
Evidence for a link between global lightning activity and upper tropospheric water vapour.
DNA repair: the bases for Cockayne syndrome.
InsP4 facilitates store-operated calcium influx by inhibition of InsP3 5-phosphatase.
Bacterial metabolism: phosphite oxidation by sulphate reduction.
Chemistry: Chirality, magnetism and light.
Souped-up search engines.
Eya protein phosphatase activity regulates Six1DachEya transcriptional effects in mammalian organogenesis.
Ectopic -chain of ATP synthase is an apolipoprotein AI receptor in hepatic HDL endocytosis.
Compartments revealed in food-web structure.
Phospholipase C activates Ras on the Golgi apparatus by means of RasGRP1.
Polarization of the prompt -ray emission from the -ray burst of 6 December 2002.
Human and bacterial oxidative demethylases repair alkylation damage in both RNA and DNA.
Mitochondrial remnant organelles of Giardia function in iron-sulphur protein maturation.
Flying and swimming animals cruise at a Strouhal number tuned for high power efficiency.
Accelerated vaccination for Ebola virus haemorrhagic fever in non-human primates.
Dynein structure and power stroke.
Measuring the surface dynamics of glassy polymers.
High harmonic generation from multiple orbitals in N2.
Bacteria subsisting on antibiotics.
Reconstitution of contractile FtsZ rings in liposomes.
Architecture of a charge-transfer state regulating light harvesting in a plant antenna protein.
Surface mobility of postsynaptic AMPARs tunes synaptic transmission.
Fiber-optical analog of the event horizon.
Deletional tolerance mediated by extrathymic Aire-expressing cells.
Rise of the Andes.
Transcription regulation through promoter-proximal pausing of RNA polymerase II.
Equilibrating metal-oxide cluster ensembles for oxidation reactions using oxygen in water.
Observation of the KapitzaDirac effect.
Pollination: flexible style that encourages outcrossing.
Endoscopic exploration of Red Sea coral reefs reveals dense populations of cavity-dwelling sponges.
Crystalline ion beams.
Oceanography: Vertical mixing in the ocean.
Modular enzymes.
Dissociation between hand motion and population vectors from neural activity in motor cortex.
An unusual phase transition to a second liquid vortex phase in the superconductor YBa2Cu3O7.
Substantial reservoirs of molecular hydrogen in the debris disks around young stars.
RNA interference: The short answer.
The heparin-binding haemagglutinin of M. tuberculosis is required for extrapulmonary dissemination.
New hominin genus from eastern Africa shows diverse middle Pliocene lineages.
Neonatal sunburn and melanoma in mice.
Essential role for Gab2 in the allergic response.
Strong coupling between local moments and superconducting 'heavy'electrons in UPd2Al3.
Deep-mantle high-viscosity flow and thermochemical structure inferred from seismic and geodynamic data.
Transmission intensity and impact of control policies on the foot and mouth epidemic in Great Britain.
Aberrant CFTR-dependent HCO-3 transport in mutations associated with cystic fibrosis.
Dynamical tunnelling of ultracold atoms.
Proton-catalyzed, silane-fueled Friedel-Crafts coupling of fluoroarenes.
The structure of the kinesin-1 motor-tail complex reveals the mechanism of autoinhibition.
Mutations in the RNA granule component TDRD7 cause cataract and glaucoma.
Initiation of proximal-distal patterning in the vertebrate limb by signals and growth.
Vacuum-induced transparency.
Observation of orbital currents in CuO.
Increasing N abundance in the northwestern Pacific Ocean due to atmospheric nitrogen deposition.
Net oxidative addition of C (sp3)-F bonds to iridium via initial CH bond activation.
Protein native-state stabilization by placing aromatic side chains in N-glycosylated reverse turns.
Aging in the natural world: comparative data reveal similar mortality patterns across primates.
Natural antibiotic function of a human gastric mucin against Helicobacter pylori infection.
Recombination of human mitochondrial DNA.
Realistic species losses disproportionately reduce grassland resistance to biological invaders.
Protein displacement by DExH/D" RNA helicases" without duplex unwinding.
Regulation of gene expression by a metabolic enzyme.
Discovery of symbiotic nitrogen-fixing cyanobacteria in corals.
The galactic habitable zone and the age distribution of complex life in the Milky Way.
The genetic basis of singlet oxygeninduced stress responses of Arabidopsis thaliana.
Salmonella modulates vesicular traffic by altering phosphoinositide metabolism.
Melting in the Earth's deep upper mantle caused by carbon dioxide.
Atom-by-atom substitution of Mn in GaAs and visualization of their hole-mediated interactions.
Chemistry: Volatile times for ionic liquids.
Analysis of a RanGTP-regulated gradient in mitotic somatic cells.
AtSNX1 defines an endosome for auxin-carrier trafficking in Arabidopsis.
Teaching in tandem-running ants.
Measures for measures.
Golgi maturation visualized in living yeast.
Replication fork reactivation downstream of a blocked nascent leading strand.
Potentiation of cortical inhibition by visual deprivation.
Anisotropies in cortical tension reveal the physical basis of polarizing cortical flows.
N-myristoyltransferase inhibitors as new leads to treat sleeping sickness.
Non-canonical inhibition of DNA damage-dependent ubiquitination by OTUB1.
Molecular basis of infrared detection by snakes.
A phylogenetically based transcriptome age index mirrors ontogenetic divergence patterns.
Tracking G-protein-coupled receptor activation using genetically encoded infrared probes.
A faint type of supernova from a white dwarf with a helium-rich companion.
Metabolic streamlining in an open-ocean nitrogen-fixing cyanobacterium.
Migrastatin analogues target fascin to block tumour metastasis.
The Dbf4Cdc7 kinase promotes S phase by alleviating an inhibitory activity in Mcm4.
Complex networks: The fragility of interdependency.
Early star-forming galaxies and the reionization of the Universe.
Generation of electron beams carrying orbital angular momentum.
Spatial organization of the flow of genetic information in bacteria.
Above-room-temperature ferroelectricity in a single-component molecular crystal.
Antagonistic coevolution accelerates molecular evolution.
Genome-wide analysis of a long-term evolution experiment with Drosophila.
Functional genomic screen for modulators of ciliogenesis and cilium length.
An entangled-light-emitting diode.
Evidence for grid cells in a human memory network.
Liver organogenesis promoted by endothelial cells prior to vascular function.
Fully conjugated porphyrin tapes with electronic absorption bands that reach into infrared.
Structural basis for selective recognition of oligosaccharides by DC-SIGN and DC-SIGNR.
Automated solid-phase synthesis of oligosaccharides.
Cell proliferation without neurogenesis in adult primate neocortex.
Persistence of native-like topology in a denatured protein in 8 M urea.
Dynamics of the 2001 UK foot and mouth epidemic: stochastic dispersal in a heterogeneous landscape.
Tauopathy in Drosophila: neurodegeneration without neurofibrillary tangles.
Water at hydrophobic surfaces: weak hydrogen bonding and strong orientation effects.
Phosphorylation-dependent ubiquitination of cyclin E by the SCFFbw7 ubiquitin ligase.
Tumour heterogeneity in the clinic.
Biology: The big challenges of big data.
K-Ras (G12C) inhibitors allosterically control GTP affinity and effector interactions.
TET2 promotes histone O-GlcNAcylation during gene transcription.
Serine starvation induces stress and p53-dependent metabolic remodelling in cancer cells.
The genomes of four tapeworm species reveal adaptations to parasitism.
Fanconi anaemia and the repair of Watson and Crick DNA crosslinks.
Observation of dipolar spin-exchange interactions with lattice-confined polar molecules.
Replication stress links structural and numerical cancer chromosomal instability.
Autism-related deficits via dysregulated eIF4E-dependent translational control.
Modulation of Shigella virulence in response to available oxygen in vivo.
Gas accretion as the origin of chemical abundance gradients in distant galaxies.
Q&A: Cancer: clues from cell metabolism.
Opposing roles for calcineurin and ATF3 in squamous skin cancer.
An RNA polymerase II-and AGO4-associated protein acts in RNA-directed DNA methylation.
A lower limit of 50 microgauss for the magnetic field near the Galactic Centre.
Role of a ribosome-associated E3 ubiquitin ligase in protein quality control.
Computational science: Error, why scientific programming does not compute.
Escape of about five per cent of Lyman-[agr] photons from high-redshift star-forming galaxies.
Tropical cyclones and permanent El Nio in the early Pliocene epoch.
Liquid scintillation counting: how has it advanced over the years and what does the future hold?.
Fe-based bulk amorphous alloys with high glass formation ability and high saturation magnetization.
Adaptive designs for Phase II oncology trials.
Variation of floods characteristics and their responses to climate and human activities in Poyang Lake, China.
Radiolabeled metabolite and disposition studies in support of safety assessment.
In vitro/in vivo correlations in transdermal product development.
Application of 14C-Accelerator MS in pharmaceutical development.
Nucleic acid-based drugs against emerging zoonotic viruses.
Monitoring rules for toxicity in Phase II oncology trials.
Structural diversity and potency range distribution of scaffolds from compounds active against current pharmaceutical targets.
Generation of electron Airy beams.
Hybrid circuit cavity quantum electrodynamics with a micromechanical resonator.
Diverse type VI secretion phospholipases are functionally plastic antibacterial effectors.
Spatiotemporal control of endocytosis by phosphatidylinositol-3, 4-bisphosphate.
Stability and function of regulatory T cells is maintained by a neuropilin-1-semaphorin-4a axis.
Enantiomer-specific detection of chiral molecules via microwave spectroscopy.
Prolonged dopamine signalling in striatum signals proximity and value of distant rewards.
Agriculture: feeding the future.
Synthetic lethal metabolic targeting of cellular senescence in cancer therapy.
MBNL proteins repress ES-cell-specific alternative splicing and reprogramming.
Tumor necrosis factor signaling requires iRhom2 to promote trafficking and activation of TACE.
Continental-scale effects of nutrient pollution on stream ecosystem functioning.
Acute inflammation initiates the regenerative response in the adult zebrafish brain.
Airn transcriptional overlap, but not its lncRNA products, induces imprinted Igf2r silencing.
Carbon isotope constraints on the deglacial CO2 rise from ice cores.
Generation of a synthetic memory trace.
Response to Comments on Widespread RNA and DNA Sequence Differences in the Human Transcriptome.
A mechanism of extreme growth and reliable signaling in sexually selected ornaments and weapons.
Non-centrosymmetric cylindrical micelles by unidirectional growth.
Development and disintegration of Maya political systems in response to climate change.
The Borealis basin and the origin of the martian crustal dichotomy.
The interaction between predation and competition.
Hax1-mediated processing of HtrA2 by Parl allows survival of lymphocytes and neurons.
Structural basis of microtubule severing by the hereditary spastic paraplegia protein spastin.
Scaling of the BMP activation gradient in Xenopus embryos.
Archimedean-like tiling on decagonal quasicrystalline surfaces.
A bizarre Jurassic maniraptoran from China with elongate ribbon-like feathers.
A young massive planet in a stardisk system.
Puzzles, promises and a cure for ageing.
Deconstructing voltage sensor function and pharmacology in sodium channels.
Diabetes: a virusgene collaboration.
A force to fight global warming.
Microbial oceanography in a sea of opportunity.
Visualization of a missing link in retrovirus capsid assembly.
Molecular genetics and imaging technologies for circuit-based neuroanatomy.
A single sub-kilometre Kuiper belt object from a stellar occultation in archival data.
Chiral blastomere arrangement dictates zygotic leftright asymmetry pathway in snails.
Exploitation of binding energy for catalysis and design.
How intramembrane proteases bury hydrolytic reactions in the membrane.
Chaperonin complex with a newly folded protein encapsulated in the folding chamber.
Egg investment is influenced by male attractiveness in the mallard.
Role of cortical tumour-suppressor proteins in asymmetric division of Drosophila neuroblast.
Flexible filaments in a flowing soap film as a model for one-dimensional flags in a two-dimensional wind.
Somatic support cells restrict germline stem cell self-renewal and promote differentiation.
The Eps8 protein coordinates EGF receptor signalling through Rac and trafficking through Rab5.
Density cycles and an offspring quantity and quality game driven by natural selection.
Apoptosis: Caspases find a new place to hide.
Two-headed binding of a processive myosin to F-actin.
Dynamic self-assembly of magnetized, millimetre-sized objects rotating at a liquidair interface.
Cortical ensemble activity increasingly predicts behaviour outcomes during learning of a motor task.
Evolving genomic metaphors: a new look at the language of DNA.
Differential shunting of EPSPs by action potentials.
Innate immunity: ancient system gets new respect.
A GDP/GTP exchange factor involved in linking a spatial landmark to cell polarity.
Nonequilibrium diversity dynamics of the Lesser Antillean avifauna.
An ultradense polymorph of rutile with seven-coordinated titanium from the Ries crater.
Destruction of the global phase coherence in ultrathin, doubly connected superconducting cylinders.
Exploiting wind versus coal.
Controversial from the start.
Caveolae--Not Just Craters in the Cellular Landscape.
Phosphoinositide signalling links O-GlcNAc transferase to insulin resistance.
How Cooper pairs vanish approaching the Mott insulator in Bi2Sr2CaCu2O8+ &dgr.
The earliest thymic progenitors for T cells possess myeloid lineage potential.
Coherent manipulation of single spins in semiconductors.
Autophagy in thymic epithelium shapes the T-cell repertoire and is essential for tolerance.
Proteomic analysis of active multiple sclerosis lesions reveals therapeutic targets.
Precise auditoryvocal mirroring in neurons for learned vocal communication.
Climbing the JaynesCummings ladder and observing its nonlinearity in a cavity QED system.
Dust-climate couplings over the past 800,000 years from the EPICA Dome C ice core.
Dual control of nuclear EIN3 by bifurcate MAPK cascades in C2H4 signalling.
Reconstruction of genetic circuits.
Cancer gene discovery in solid tumours using transposon-based somatic mutagenesis in the mouse.
Self-organized patchiness in asthma as a prelude to catastrophic shifts.
Addition of human melanopsin renders mammalian cells photoresponsive.
Cross-presentation by intercellular peptide transfer through gap junctions.
Cistrans isomerization at a proline opens the pore of a neurotransmitter-gated ion channel.
Myosin domain evolution and the primary divergence of eukaryotes.
Sporadic immunogenic tumours avoid destruction by inducing T-cell tolerance.
Insights into E3 ligase activity revealed by a SUMORanGAP1Ubc9Nup358 complex.
A planetary system as the origin of structure in Fomalhaut's dust belt.
Zircon U-Pb geochronology links the end-Triassic extinction with the Central Atlantic Magmatic Province.
Measurements of energetic particle radiation in transit to Mars on the Mars Science Laboratory.
The cells and circuitry for itch responses in mice.
Enantio-and diastereodivergent dual catalysis: -allylation of branched aldehydes.
Structural biological materials: critical mechanics-materials connections.
High-performance silicon photoanodes passivated with ultrathin nickel films for water oxidation.
Infrared absorption spectrum of the simplest Criegee intermediate CH2OO.
A switch between topological domains underlies HoxD genes collinearity in mouse limbs.
Synchronous change of atmospheric CO2 and Antarctic temperature during the last deglacial warming.
Functional extinction of birds drives rapid evolutionary changes in seed size.
A quantum fluid of metallic hydrogen suggested by first-principles calculations.
A socially enforced signal of quality in a paper wasp.
Mast cells promote homeostasis by limiting endothelin-1-induced toxicity.
Wikipedia as participatory journalism: Reliable sources? metrics for evaluating collaborative media as a news resource.
Environment: whale-call response to masking boat noise.
Mutations in cadherin 23 affect tip links in zebrafish sensory hair cells.
Human DNA ligase I completely encircles and partially unwinds nicked DNA.
Low marine sulphate and protracted oxygenation of the Proterozoic biosphere.
Role for a cortical input to hippocampal area CA1 in the consolidation of a long-term memory.
Rab5 is a signalling GTPase involved in actin remodelling by receptor tyrosine kinases.
Discrete atom imaging of one-dimensional crystals formed within single-walled carbon nanotubes.
A tale of two futures: HIV and antiretroviral therapy in San Francisco.
gridlock, an HLH gene required for assembly of the aorta in zebrafish.
Plasma membrane compartmentalization in yeast by messenger RNA transport and a septin diffusion barrier.
Perception of brassinosteroids by the extracellular domain of the receptor kinase BRI1.
China's forest policy for the 21st century.
Synchronous radiocarbon and climate shifts during the last deglaciation.
Naturally aligned nanocrystals.
Impaired prion replication in spleens of mice lacking functional follicular dendritic cells.
Nonrandom extinction and the loss of evolutionary history.
Fueling the future.
Evidence for the chiral anomaly in the Dirac semimetal Na3Bi.
A sensitive regulator of cellular potassium.
The missing link in oceanic phosphorus cycling?.
A new drug war.
Human-specific gene ARHGAP11B promotes basal progenitor amplification and neocortex expansion.
Part 2: Targeting Cancer Pathways: The Tumor Microenvironment.
Stochastic electron acceleration during spontaneous turbulent reconnection in a strong shock wave.
Design, synthesis, and carbon-heteroatom coupling reactions of organometallic nickel (IV) complexes.
Confining the state of light to a quantum manifold by engineered two-photon loss.
Using ecological thresholds to evaluate the costs and benefits of set-asides in a biodiversity hotspot.
Principles of ER cotranslational translocation revealed by proximity-specific ribosome profiling.
A Doppler effect in embryonic pattern formation.
Recent introduction of a chytrid fungus endangers Western Palearctic salamanders.
Predictive a priori pressure-dependent kinetics.
The New Madrid seismic zone: Not dead yet.
Tracking cancer drugs in living cells by thermal profiling of the proteome.
On tropical forests and their pests.
From aerosol-limited to invigoration of warm convective clouds.
Genomically encoded analog memory with precise in vivo DNA writing in living cell populations.
Origin of ferromagnetic exchange interactions in a fullereneorganic compound.
Structure and assembly of the Alu domain of the mammalian signal recognition particle.
Materials science: Diffusion of a polymer 'pancake'.
Geochemical evidence for terrestrial ecosystems 2.6 billion years ago.
CD1-restricted T-cell responses and microbial infection.
Singularity dynamics in curvature collapse and jet eruption on a fluid surface.
Low variability in a Y-linked plant gene and its implications for Y-chromosome evolution.
Recombination signal sequences restrict chromosomal V (D) J recombination beyond the 12/23 rule.
Plant biotechnology: Caffeine synthase gene from tea leaves.
Extended magnetic reconnection at the Earth's magnetopause from detection of bi-directional jets.
Optimal traffic organization in ants under crowded conditions.
Reaction discovery enabled by DNA-templated synthesis and in vitro selection.
Unmatched tempo of evolution in Southern African semi-desert ice plants.
An optimal bronchial tree may be dangerous.
Resilient circadian oscillator revealed in individual cyanobacteria.
Notch activity acts as a sensor for extracellular calcium during vertebrate leftright determination.
Nonsense-mediated messenger RNA decay is initiated by endonucleolytic cleavage in Drosophila.
Perceiving distance accurately by a directional process of integrating ground information.
Cell cycle regulation of central spindle assembly.
Preferential cissyn thymine dimer bypass by DNA polymerase  occurs with biased fidelity.
White Collar-1, a circadian blue light photoreceptor, binding to the frequency promoter.
Structure of the extracellular region of HER3 reveals an interdomain tether.
Genomewide analysis of mRNA processing in yeast using splicing-specific microarrays.
Recruitment of a 19S proteasome subcomplex to an activated promoter.
Ancient DNA evidence for Old World origin of New World dogs.
Critical roles of activation-induced cytidine deaminase in the homeostasis of gut flora.
Environmental change and Antarctic seabird populations.
A functional screen for the type III (Hrp) secretome of the plant pathogen Pseudomonas syringae.
Target-selected inactivation of the zebrafish rag1 gene.
Essential role for the SMN complex in the specificity of snRNP assembly.
Free-standing mesoporous silica films with tunable chiral nematic structures.
Trapped antihydrogen.
Intrusion triggering of the 2010 Eyjafjallajokull explosive eruption.
Confirmation of general relativity on large scales from weak lensing and galaxy velocities.
A ground-based transmission spectrum of the super-Earth exoplanet GJ 1214b.
Direct visualization of secondary structures of F-actin by electron cryomicroscopy.
A role for the elongator complex in zygotic paternal genome demethylation.
TCRpeptideMHC interactions in situ show accelerated kinetics and increased affinity.
Lessons on longevity from budding yeast.
A trapped single ion inside a BoseEinstein condensate.
Regulation of Wnt signaling and embryo patterning by an extracellular sulfatase.
Role of ER export signals in controlling surface potassium channel numbers.
Molecular mechanisms of the biological clock in cultured fibroblasts.
Ring closure of carbon nanotubes.
Common and contrasting themes of plant and animal diseases.
Bacterial recognition of mineral surfaces: nanoscale interactions between Shewanella and -FeOOH.
Centrosome-dependent exit of cytokinesis in animal cells.
Rapid killing of Streptococcus pneumoniae with a bacteriophage cell wall hydrolase.
Impairment of mycobacterial but not viral immunity by a germline human STAT1 mutation.
Immunocyte Ca2+ influx system mediated by LTRPC2.
There goes the macrophage neighborhood.
Energy conversion in complex 1.
What ails medical education?.
GTEx detects genetic effects.
Linear complexions: Confined chemical and structural states at dislocations.
Dense dislocation arrays embedded in grain boundaries for high-performance bulk thermoelectrics.
Judging synthetic biology risks.
Does the CHER trial open up new therapeutic perspectives?.
Genetics and phosphoproteomics reveal a protein phosphorylation network in the abscisic acid signaling pathway in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Amino acid deprivation inhibits TORC1 through a GTPase-activating protein complex for the Rag family GTPase Gtr1.
Protein interaction network of the mammalian Hippo pathway reveals mechanisms of kinase-phosphatase interactions.
Mitochondrial reactive oxygen species promote epidermal differentiation and hair follicle development.
Image-based genome-wide siRNA screen identifies selective autophagy factors.
Exclusion of a luminous red giant as a companion star to the progenitor of supernova SN 2011fe.
Jamming by shear.
Self-formation of functional adenohypophysis in three-dimensional culture.
In vivo imaging of Treg cells providing immune privilege to the haematopoietic stem-cell niche.
Birth of a relativistic outflow in the unusual [ggr]-ray transient Swift J164449. 3+ 573451.
Phylogenomics reveals deep molluscan relationships.
A SUMOylation-defective MITF germline mutation predisposes to melanoma and renal carcinoma.
Human oocytes reprogram somatic cells to a pluripotent state.
New gene functions in megakaryopoiesis and platelet formation.
Tinker, tailor: Can Venter stitch together a genome from scratch?.
A molecular Einstein ring: Imaging a starburst disk surrounding a quasi-stellar object.
A methane trigger for rapid warming?.
Contributions of the visual ventral pathway to long-range apparent motion.
Reaching their goal early, sequencing labs celebrate.
An isotopic view of the early solar system.
Topology from the bottom up.
Comment on" Arsenic mobility and groundwater extraction in Bangladesh"(II).
The power of speech.
Phosphadioxirane: A peroxide from an ortho-substituted arylphosphine and singlet dioxygen.
Ecosystem properties and forest decline in contrasting long-term chronosequences.
A PINOID-dependent binary switch in apical-basal PIN polar targeting directs auxin efflux.
Integrins regulate Rac targeting by internalization of membrane domains.
Assessing the causes of Late Pleistocene extinctions on the continents.
Self-assembling protein microarrays.
Curcumin, a major constituent of turmeric, corrects cystic fibrosis defects.
Scientific teaching.
Mechanism of ammonia transport by Amt/MEP/Rh: structure of AmtB at 1.35 .
Envelope-constrained neutralization-sensitive HIV-1 after heterosexual transmission.
The PIDDosome, a protein complex implicated in activation of caspase-2 in response to genotoxic stress.
Two-dimensional superexchange-mediated magnetization dynamics in an optical lattice.
Misfire aside, signs of cosmic inflation could come soon.
Cancer and the microbiota.
Architecture of the fungal nuclear pore inner ring complex.
Biological signatures in clumped isotopes of O2.
US House reveals ambitious biomedical innovation plan.
Molecular nitrogen in comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko indicates a low formation temperature.
It starts with a poster.
Observation of optical polarization Mbius strips.
Tilt engineering of spontaneous polarization and magnetization above 300 K in a bulk layered perovskite.
Tunicates and not cephalochordates are the closest living relatives of vertebrates.
Drosophila pink1 is required for mitochondrial function and interacts genetically with parkin.
Cortical substrates for exploratory decisions in humans.
A quantum Newton's cradle.
Structure of a bacterial multidrug ABC transporter.
Bone morphogenetic proteins inhibit the tumorigenic potential of human brain tumour-initiating cells.
Intellectual ability and cortical development in children and adolescents.
Mitochondrial dysfunction in Drosophila PINK1 mutants is complemented by parkin.
A germline-specific class of small RNAs binds mammalian Piwi proteins.
Klotho converts canonical FGF receptor into a specific receptor for FGF23.
Plagiarism sleuths.
Seeing green and red in diatom genomes.
[C] Warming up food webs.
Hypoxic hookup.
Arctic summer sea ice could vanish soon but not suddenly.
Tying Up the Solar System With a Ribbon of Charged Particles.
Thriving in salt.
A lunar waterworld.
Delivery of microRNA-126 by apoptotic bodies induces CXCL12-dependent vascular protection.
The primary cilium as the cell's antenna: signaling at a sensory organelle.
Increasing trend of extreme rain events over India in a warming environment.
A variant of the HTRA1 gene increases susceptibility to age-related macular degeneration.
Structure of the hydrophilic domain of respiratory complex I from Thermus thermophilus.
Self-assembly of CdTe nanocrystals into free-floating sheets.
Conjunctive representation of position, direction, and velocity in entorhinal cortex.
Double perovskites as anode materials for solid-oxide fuel cells.
Cellular senescence in aging primates.
PIN proteins perform a rate-limiting function in cellular auxin efflux.
A dielectric polymer with high electric energy density and fast discharge speed.
Crystallization of charge holes in the spin ladder of Sr14Cu24O41.
Adaptive divergence in pigment composition promotes phytoplankton biodiversity.
Metalinsulatorsemiconductor optoelectronic fibres.
Unsaturated fatty acid content in seston and tropho-dynamic coupling in lakes.
Retinoblastoma promotes definitive erythropoiesis by repressing Id2 in fetal liver macrophages.
High levels of atmospheric carbon dioxide necessary for the termination of global glaciation.
Polymerization within a molecular-scale stereoregular template.
Coral communities are regionally enriched along an oceanic biodiversity gradient.
Variation in behaviour promotes cooperation in the Prisoner's Dilemma game.
Spatial patterns in species distributions reveal biodiversity change.
Delayed build-up of Arctic ice sheets during 400,000-year minima in insolation variability.
Identification and characterization of a bacterial hydrosulphide ion channel.
Hard-X-ray emission lines from the decay of 44Ti in the remnant of supernova 1987A.
Light-induced liquid crystallinity.
Dopamine neurons modulate pheromone responses in Drosophila courtship learning.
Structural basis for recognition of H3K56-acetylated histone H3-H4 by the chaperone Rtt106.
Extremely metal-poor gas at a redshift of 7.
Observing the drop of resistance in the flow of a superfluid Fermi gas.
The prokaryote messenger c-di-GMP triggers stalk cell differentiation in Dictyostelium.
Neuroscience: Observatories of the mind.
Efficient bulk heterojunction photovoltaic cells using small-molecular-weight organic thin films.
Widespread requirement for Hedgehog ligand stimulation in growth of digestive tract tumours.
Observation of two-dimensional discrete solitons in optically induced nonlinear photonic lattices.
Structure and gating mechanism of the acetylcholine receptor pore.
Epitaxial self-assembly of block copolymers on lithographically defined nanopatterned substrates.
Control of leaf morphogenesis by microRNAs.
Noise in eukaryotic gene expression.
Identification of Lps2 as a key transducer of MyD88-independent TIR signalling.
Controlling anisotropic nanoparticle growth through plasmon excitation.
A test of general relativity using radio links with the Cassini spacecraft.
High-redshift galaxy populations.
Microarrays: quality control.
The mechanism of cell differentiation in Bacillus subtilis.
Complete crystallographic analysis of the dynamics of CCA sequence addition.
Dinosaur locomotion: beyond the bones.
Gluconeogenesis: Re-evaluating the FOXO1PGC-1 connection.
Protein flexibility acclimatizes photosynthetic energy conversion to the ambient temperature.
Materials science: Relaxors go critical.
Evolutionary Biology: Evidence for sympatric speciation?.
Oceanography: sick seas.
From signals to patterns: space, time, and mathematics in developmental biology.
How we see ourselves and how we see others.
Microbial ecology of ocean biogeochemistry: a community perspective.
Fission yeast Pot1-Tpp1 protects telomeres and regulates telomere length.
Commentary on Kaminski et al, The Advantage of Abstract Examples in Learning Math, Science, April 2008.
Drosophila egg-laying site selection as a system to study simple decision-making processes.
Inverse temperature dependence of toughness in an ultrafine grain-structure steel.
Understanding overbidding: using the neural circuitry of reward to design economic auctions.
Control of exciton fluxes in an excitonic integrated circuit.
Rapid rise of sea level 19,000 years ago and its global implications.
Abnormal cytokinesis in cells deficient in the breast cancer susceptibility protein BRCA2.
Dynamic instability in a DNA-segregating prokaryotic actin homolog.
Dephosphorylation of the calcium pump coupled to counterion occlusion.
Ultra-low thermal conductivity in W/Al2O3 nanolaminates.
The structural organization of the readily releasable pool of synaptic vesicles.
Atomic-resolution measurement of oxygen concentration in oxide materials.
48,000 years of climate and forest change in a biodiversity hot spot.
Small bilaterian fossils from 40 to 55 million years before the Cambrian.
Surface of young Jupiter family comet 81P/Wild 2: View from the Stardust spacecraft.
Washing away postdecisional dissonance.
Gamma-ray emission concurrent with the nova in the symbiotic binary V407 Cygni.
The give and take of alcohol activation.
Crystal structure of human adenovirus at 3.5  resolution.
Diviner lunar radiometer observations of cold traps in the Moon's south polar region.
Fetal and adult hematopoietic stem cells give rise to distinct T cell lineages in humans.
Hemocyte differentiation mediates innate immune memory in Anopheles gambiae mosquitoes.
Spin-light coherence for single-spin measurement and control in diamond.
Resolving mechanisms of competitive fertilization success in Drosophila melanogaster.
Spatially ordered dynamics of the bacterial carbon fixation machinery.
BoseEinstein condensation of quasi-equilibrium magnons at room temperature under pumping.
Deuterostome phylogeny reveals monophyletic chordates and the new phylum Xenoturbellida.
The cenozoic palaeoenvironment of the arctic ocean.
An siRNA-based microbicide protects mice from lethal herpes simplex virus 2 infection.
Genetics: junk DNA as an evolutionary force.
An extrasolar planetary system with three Neptune-mass planets.
Evidence for superfluidity of ultracold fermions in an optical lattice.
An acidic protein aligns magnetosomes along a filamentous structure in magnetotactic bacteria.
XIAP deficiency in humans causes an X-linked lymphoproliferative syndrome.
Efficient auditory coding.
Analytical chemistry: Home diagnostics to music.
Philosophy of science: Theories of almost everything.
Effect of phase transitions on compressional-wave velocities in the Earth's mantle.
Generosity: a winner's advice.
In Retrospect: The book that began invasion ecology.
Cancer: crossing over to drug resistance.
Time to break the silence around virtual-water imports.
Marine microbiology: origins of death.
Genome sequencing reveals insights into physiology and longevity of the naked mole rat.
The crystal structure of an oxygen-tolerant hydrogenase uncovers a novel iron-sulphur centre.
MHC class II transactivator CIITA is a recurrent gene fusion partner in lymphoid cancers.
UBCH7 reactivity profile reveals parkin and HHARI to be RING/HECT hybrids.
In vitro production of functional sperm in cultured neonatal mouse testes.
Local, persistent activation of Rho GTPases during plasticity of single dendritic spines.
Phosphorus cycle: a broken biogeochemical cycle.
Structure of the membrane domain of respiratory complex I.
Asymmetric cell divisions promote Notch-dependent epidermal differentiation.
A critical role for IGF-II in memory consolidation and enhancement.
Quantum dots for live cells, in vivo imaging, and diagnostics.
Phosphorylation and regulation of Akt/PKB by the rictor-mTOR complex.
Global consequences of land use.
Diversity of the human intestinal microbial flora.
Normalization of tumor vasculature: an emerging concept in antiangiogenic therapy.
Complement factor H polymorphism in age-related macular degeneration.
Tissue cells feel and respond to the stiffness of their substrate.
Subdiffraction-limited optical imaging with a silver superlens.
Recurrent fusion of TMPRSS2 and ETS transcription factor genes in prostate cancer.
Host-bacterial mutualism in the human intestine.
A link between large mantle melting events and continent growth seen in osmium isotopes.
Immigration history controls diversification in experimental adaptive radiation.
Lanthanide contraction and magnetism in the heavy rare earth elements.
How kinesin waits between steps.
South-polar features on Venus similar to those near the north pole.
Sexual dimorphism and adaptive radiation in Anolis lizards.
The molecular organization of cypovirus polyhedra.
A mirror-symmetric cell division that orchestrates neuroepithelial morphogenesis.
Calcineurin is required to release Xenopus egg extracts from meiotic M phase.
The effects of competition and predation on diversification in a model adaptive radiation.
[C] Science and society: experts warn against bans on 3D printing. News editorial.
How Big Is the Proton?.
Investigating ecosystems as a blended learning experience.
Though they may be unaware, newlyweds implicitly know whether their marriage will be satisfying.
Freeing nonlinear optics from phase matching.
Mercury and health.
Copying biology's ways with hydrogen.
Fossils versus clocks.
LIFE SCIENCE TECHNOLOGIES: this is your brain: mapping the connectome.
Prospection: Experiencing the future.
Challenges in engineering microbes for biofuels production.
Redirection of silencing targets by adenosine-to-inosine editing of miRNAs.
Divalent metal nanoparticles.
Odor cues during slow-wave sleep prompt declarative memory consolidation.
Genetic effects of captive breeding cause a rapid, cumulative fitness decline in the wild.
Global-scale similarities in nitrogen release patterns during long-term decomposition.
Protein composition of catalytically active human telomerase from immortal cells.
The amount of recycled crust in sources of mantle-derived melts.
Signals from chloroplasts converge to regulate nuclear gene expression.
Centennial-scale Holocene climate variability revealed by a high-resolution speleothem 18O record from SW Ireland.
Detection of widespread fluids in the Tibetan crust by magnetotelluric studies.
Requirement of a centrosomal activity for cell cycle progression through G1 into S phase.
Substitution of the thioredoxin system for glutathione reductase in Drosophila melanogaster.
The role of Drosophila mushroom body signaling in olfactory memory.
Submicrometer patterning of charge in thin-film electrets.
Roots of clinical resistance to STI-571 cancer therapy.
Pollen tube attraction by the synergid cell.
Activity-dependent transfer of brain-derived neurotrophic factor to postsynaptic neurons.
Skinny hedgehog, an acyltransferase required for palmitoylation and activity of the hedgehog signal.
Transcriptional repression distinguishes somatic from germ cell lineages in a plant.
Ongoing buildup of refractory organic carbon in boreal soils during the Holocene.
Comment on" Rapid Uplift of the Altiplano Revealed Through 13C-18O Bonds in Paleosol Carbonates".
Human transmission but no pandemic in Indonesia.
The emergence of cells during the origin of life.
Politics and the life cycle.
Transfer of learning after updating training mediated by the striatum.
A chronology of Paleozoic sea-level changes.
The late Pleistocene dispersal of modern humans in the Americas.
Functional traits and niche-based tree community assembly in an Amazonian forest.
The antidepressant fluoxetine restores plasticity in the adult visual cortex.
Differential regulation of dynein and kinesin motor proteins by tau.
High-resolution Greenland ice core data show abrupt climate change happens in few years.
Coastal ecosystem-based management with nonlinear ecological functions and values.
Natural genetic variation in lycopene epsilon cyclase tapped for maize biofortification.
Recapitulation of IVIG anti-inflammatory activity with a recombinant IgG Fc.
Dawn at Vesta: Testing the protoplanetary paradigm.
Valorization of biomass: deriving more value from waste.
Tailoring electrical transport across grain boundaries in polycrystalline graphene.
Substrate-controlled succession of marine bacterioplankton populations induced by a phytoplankton bloom.
Sucrose efflux mediated by SWEET proteins as a key step for phloem transport.
The path from -carotene to carlactone, a strigolactone-like plant hormone.
Multiblock polymers: panacea or Pandora's box?.
Direct kinetic measurements of Criegee intermediate (CH2OO) formed by reaction of CH2I with O2.
Plant species richness and ecosystem multifunctionality in global drylands.
Using gene expression noise to understand gene regulation.
A comparative encyclopedia of DNA elements in the mouse genome.
Genetics of single-cell protein abundance variation in large yeast populations.
A ring system detected around the Centaur (10199) Chariklo.
In vivo engineering of oncogenic chromosomal rearrangements with the CRISPR/Cas9 system.
Broadly permissive intestinal chromatin underlies lateral inhibition and cell plasticity.
Emergence of reproducible spatiotemporal activity during motor learning.
Conductive two-dimensional titanium carbide/clay/'with high volumetric capacitance.
The different shades of fat.
Niche filling slows the diversification of Himalayan songbirds.
The observable signature of late heating of the Universe during cosmic reionization.
The last of the dinosaur titans: a new sauropod from Madagascar.
Evolution of the bilaterian larval foregut.
NEJ1 controls non-homologous end joining in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Homologues of Twisted gastrulation are extracellular cofactors in antagonism of BMP signalling.
Density-dependent mortality in an oceanic copepod population.
An agrin minigene rescues dystrophic symptoms in a mouse model for congenital muscular dystrophy.
Retrospective and prospective coding for predicted reward in the sensory thalamus.
Dinosaurian growth rates and bird origins.
Conserved signals and machinery for RNA transport in Drosophila oogenesis and embryogenesis.
Chemistry: A new twist on molecular shape.
Repairing research integrity.
Backbone structure of the infectious &epsi; 15 virus capsid revealed by electron cryomicroscopy.
Molecular identification of a retinal cell type that responds to upward motion.
Protein-folding location can regulate manganese-binding versus copper-or zinc-binding.
A nuclear receptor-like pathway regulating multidrug resistance in fungi.
Strong magnetic fields in normal galaxies at high redshift.
Primitive Early Eocene bat from Wyoming and the evolution of flight and echolocation.
Centrosome misorientation reduces stem cell division during ageing.
Nanoscale chemical imaging of a working catalyst by scanning transmission X-ray microscopy.
Structural basis for specific cleavage of Lys 63-linked polyubiquitin chains.
Social desirability: The role of over-claiming, self-esteem, and emotional intelligence.
Review of remotely sensed imagery classification patterns based on object-oriented image analysis.
The usefulness of eye movement recordings to subject an aesthetic episode with visual art to empirical scrutiny.
Shrinking and drying up of Baiyangdian Lake wetland: a natural or human cause?.
Science in the wilderness: the predicament of scientific research in India's wildlife reserves.
Clinical utility of quantitative RTPCR targeted to 1, 4Nacetylglucosaminyltransferase mRNA for detection of pancreatic cancer.
Phylogenetic analysis revealed genetic similarity of the H5N1 avian influenza viruses isolated from HPAI outbreaks in chickens in Maharashtra, India with those  .
EpsteinBarr virus involvement is a predictive factor for the resistance to chemoradiotherapy of gastric diffuse large Bcell lymphoma.
Application potentials of synthetic aperture radar interferometry for land-cover mapping and crop-height estimation.
Variation of bioactive components in Curcuma longa in Thailand.
Causal reasoning in rats.
Switchable surfactants.
Scale-free intermittent flow in crystal plasticity.
High-performance high-Tc superconducting wires.
Structural asymmetry of AcrB trimer suggests a peristaltic pump mechanism.
A secreted serine-threonine kinase determines virulence in the eukaryotic pathogen Toxoplasma gondii.
Reversal of the TCR stop signal by CTLA-4.
Infectious prions in the saliva and blood of deer with chronic wasting disease.
Technological Advances in Inquiry Learning..
Plant volatile compounds: sensory cues for health and nutritional value?.
A vascular niche and a VEGF-Nrp1 loop regulate the initiation and stemness of skin tumours.
Small molecule inhibitors reveal Niemann-Pick C1 is essential for Ebola virus infection.
Complement factor H binds malondialdehyde epitopes and protects from oxidative stress.
A disinhibitory microcircuit for associative fear learning in the auditory cortex.
Formation, regulation and evolution of Caenorhabditis elegans 3 [prime] UTRs.
Supermassive black holes do not correlate with galaxy disks or pseudobulges.
A draft genome of Yersinia pestis from victims of the Black Death.
Cell-to-cell spread of HIV permits ongoing replication despite antiretroviral therapy.
Cortical representations of olfactory input by trans-synaptic tracing.
High-fidelity projective read-out of a solid-state spin quantum register.
Interactome map uncovers phosphatidylserine transport by oxysterol-binding proteins.
Role of Tet1 in erasure of genomic imprinting.
Odour receptors and neurons for DEET and new insect repellents.
Asymmetric effects of daytime and night-time warming on Northern Hemisphere vegetation.
Puzzling accretion onto a black hole in the ultraluminous X-ray source M 101 ULX-1.
The toxicity of antiprion antibodies is mediated by the flexible tail of the prion protein.
Emergence of two types of terrestrial planet on solidification of magma ocean.
ATPase-dependent quality control of DNA replication origin licensing.
Colloidal assembly directed by virtual magnetic moulds.
Dynamics extracted from fixed cells reveal feedback linking cell growth to cell cycle.
A membrane protein required for dislocation of misfolded proteins from the ER.
Observation of entanglement between a single trapped atom and a single photon.
Maturation trends indicative of rapid evolution preceded the collapse of northern cod.
Experimental demonstration of five-photon entanglement and open-destination teleportation.
Soil biota and exotic plant invasion.
High-latitude controls of thermocline nutrients and low latitude biological productivity.
Aneuploidy and cancer.
Current-induced domain-wall switching in a ferromagnetic semiconductor structure.
Structure of a glutamate transporter homologue from Pyrococcus horikoshii.
Vernalization in Arabidopsis thaliana is mediated by the PHD finger protein VIN3.
A change in the geodynamics of continental growth 3 billion years ago.
Experimental realization of a magnetic cloak.
A critical period for social experiencedependent oligodendrocyte maturation and myelination.
Octet-line node structure of superconducting order parameter in KFe2As2.
Conduction of ultracold fermions through a mesoscopic channel.
Function, targets, and evolution of Caenorhabditis elegans piRNAs.
Dislocation-driven deformations in graphene.
Design of stable nanocrystalline alloys.
Neural mechanisms of foraging.
Glacial survival of boreal trees in northern Scandinavia.
Life at depth: Photobacterium profundum genome sequence and expression analysis.
Complete genome sequence and lytic phase transcription profile of a Coccolithovirus.
Radar soundings of the subsurface of Mars.
Extensive DNA inversions in the B. fragilis genome control variable gene expression.
Nucleus accumbens long-term depression and the expression of behavioral sensitization.
Amplification of acetylcholine-binding catenanes from dynamic combinatorial libraries.
Drought, snails, and large-scale die-off of southern US salt marshes.
Picometer-scale electronic control of molecular dynamics inside a single molecule.
Global mammal conservation: what must we manage?.
The size and duration of the Sumatra-Andaman earthquake from far-field static offsets.
Earth science: An alternative origin for the 'Silverpit crater'.
Earthquake prediction: A seismic shift in thinking.
Genomes: worming into genetic instability.
HIV: replication trimmed back.
Astrobiology: Water, water, everywhere?.
Asteroseismology: Oscillations on the star Procyon.
Heart disease: An ongoing genetic battle?.
Cambrian origins and affinities of an enigmatic fossil group of arthropods.
Where did it all go wrong?.
Plant disease: Underground life for rice foe.
Climate change, deforestation, and the fate of the Amazon.
Doped nanocrystals.
A significant upward shift in plant species optimum elevation during the 20th century.
Label-free biomedical imaging with high sensitivity by stimulated Raman scattering microscopy.
Kinematic constraints on glacier contributions to 21st-century sea-level rise.
Density multiplication and improved lithography by directed block copolymer assembly.
Human-induced changes in the hydrology of the western United States.
Genomic loss of microRNA-101 leads to overexpression of histone methyltransferase EZH2 in cancer.
Small CRISPR RNAs guide antiviral defense in prokaryotes.
Evidence for upwelling of corrosive" acidified" water onto the continental shelf.
Genomic profiling of DNA methyltransferases reveals a role for DNMT3B in genic methylation.
Self-renewing diploid Axin2+ cells fuel homeostatic renewal of the liver.
Mechanistic insights into the recycling machine of the SNARE complex.
Nutrient-sensing mechanisms and pathways.
Dietary emulsifiers impact the mouse gut microbiota promoting colitis and metabolic syndrome.
The biology of innate lymphoid cells.
A higher-than-predicted measurement of iron opacity at solar interior temperatures.
Lineage-negative progenitors mobilize to regenerate lung epithelium after major injury.
Radiation and dual checkpoint blockade activate non-redundant immune mechanisms in cancer.
Apico-basal forces exerted by apoptotic cells drive epithelium folding.
Seismology: tectonic strain in plate interiors?.
Science in the web age: Start your engines.
Human immunodeficiency virus: refolding the envelope.
Linguistic perception: neural processing of a whistled language.
Archaeology: life on the Costa del Cromer.
Environmental health: megacity, mega mess....
Human behaviour: Egalitarian motive and altruistic punishment (reply).
Computational science: Can get satisfaction.
One in three scientists confesses to having sinned.
Special report: taking on the cheats.
Sardinia's mysterious male Methuselahs.
[C] Disappearing stem cells, disappearing science.
The mass-independent ozone isotope effect.
The ribosome in action.
Believe it or nottranslation in the nucleus.
The melting snows of Kilimanjaro.
Unwrapping glial cells from the synapse: what lies inside?.
ECOLOGY: Coral Reef Biodiversity-Habitat Size Matters.
Perspectives: Superconductivity The Race to Beat the Cuprates [Science 239, 2410 (2001)].
How cannabinoids work in the brain.
Metagenomic analysis of the human distal gut microbiome.
Controlling the electronic structure of bilayer graphene.
Type, density, and location of immune cells within human colorectal tumors predict clinical outcome.
The fluorescent toolbox for assessing protein location and function.
Cancer regression in patients after transfer of genetically engineered lymphocytes.
The Connectivity Map: using gene-expression signatures to connect small molecules, genes, and disease.
5'-Triphosphate RNA is the ligand for RIG-I.
RIG-I-mediated antiviral responses to single-stranded RNA bearing 5'-phosphates.
Mass spectrometry and protein analysis.
Anomalous increase in carbon capacitance at pore sizes less than 1 nanometer.
Cells keep a memory of their tissue origin during axolotl limb regeneration.
Widespread bidirectional promoters are the major source of cryptic transcripts in yeast.
Ultraflat graphene.
Continuous single-cell imaging of blood generation from haemogenic endothelium.
Intracellular dynamics of hippocampal place cells during virtual navigation.
Nanomoulding with amorphous metals.
The architecture of mutualistic networks minimizes competition and increases biodiversity.
Frequent inactivation of A20 in B-cell lymphomas.
The nature of the globular-to fibrous-actin transition.
Two-year-olds with autism orient to non-social contingencies rather than biological motion.
Earth sciences: Ups and downs of ancient oxygen.
Unpredictable Sun leaves researchers in the dark.
Chernobyl and the future: too soon for a final diagnosis.
Neurobiology: right timing for retina repair.
Biochar trials aim to enrich soil for smallholders.
The mechanism of DNA replication primer synthesis by RNA polymerase.
Physical chemistry: Porous solids get organized.
Palaeoceanography: Methane release in the Early Jurassic period.
Mullite and the mystery of Hessian wares.
Economic inequality: Is it natural?.
Luminescence studies on the sediments laid down by the December 2004 tsunami event: prospects for the dating of palaeo tsunams events and for the estimation of  .
Assessing intraindividual variability in sustained attention: Reliability, relation to speed and accuracy, and practice effects.
Drugs and drug targets against malaria.
Regeneration and Agrobacterium-mediated transformation of a popular indica rice variety, ADT39.
Chemical profiling of Nothapodytes nimmoniana populations in the Western Ghats, India for anti-cancer compound, camptothecin.
Current status, distribution and conservation of rare and endangered medicinal plants of Kedarnath Wildlife Sanctuary, Central Himalayas, India.
Free-radical scavenging activities of Himalayan rhododendrons.
Climatic variability and its impact on cereal productivity in Indian Punjab.
Synthesis of biaryls via catalytic decarboxylative coupling.
Converting ceria polyhedral nanoparticles into single-crystal nanospheres.
Group competition, reproductive leveling, and the evolution of human altruism.
100 years and counting: prospects for defeating Alzheimer's disease.
Targeting tyrosine kinases in cancer: the second wave.
The snoRNA HBII-52 regulates alternative splicing of the serotonin receptor 2C.
S6K1-and TRCP-mediated degradation of PDCD4 promotes protein translation and cell growth.
Rice domestication by reducing shattering.
Evolution of character displacement in Darwin's finches.
Probing the solvent-assisted nucleation pathway in chemical self-assembly.
Recombination: Multiply infected spleen cells in HIV patients.
Allometric cascade as a unifying principle of body mass effects on metabolism.
The acceleration of cosmic-ray protons in the supernova remnant RX J1713. 73946.
Recruitment and regulation of phosphatidylinositol phosphate kinase type 1 by the FERM domain of talin.
Anatomy: Photoreceptive net in the mammalian retina.
Computational and evolutionary aspects of language.
HIV-1 superinfection despite broad CD8&plus; T-cell responses containing replication of the primary virus.
Constraints on radiative forcing and future climate change from observations and climate model ensembles.
TNF-mediated inflammatory skin disease in mice with epidermis-specific deletion of IKK2.
Emerging clinical applications of RNA.
Direct observation of the alignment of ferromagnetic spins by antiferromagnetic spins.
Finger-length ratios and sexual orientation.
WNT signalling molecules act in axis formation in the diploblastic metazoan Hydra.
NMDA spikes in basal dendrites of cortical pyramidal neurons.
Controlled growth factor release from synthetic extracellular matrices.
The accelerations of stars orbiting the Milky Way's central black hole.
Biogeochemistry: soil warming and organic carbon content.
Measurement of the spatial coherence of a trapped Bose gas at the phase transition.
The complete sequence of the mucosal pathogen Ureaplasma urealyticum.
Inorganic yellow-red pigments without toxic metals.
Guest-dependent spin crossover in a nanoporous molecular framework material.
Advanced technology paths to global climate stability: energy for a greenhouse planet.
Structural basis for gluten intolerance in celiac sprue.
Endocannabinoid signaling in the brain.
Electrode-reducing microorganisms that harvest energy from marine sediments.
Correction of ADA-SCID by stem cell gene therapy combined with nonmyeloablative conditioning.
Reverse engineering of biological complexity.
Biallelic inactivation of BRCA2 in Fanconi anemia.
Chaperone suppression of -synuclein toxicity in a Drosophila model for Parkinson's disease.
Biodegradable polymers for the environment.
Human nutrition, the gut microbiome and the immune system.
A long noncoding RNA maintains active chromatin to coordinate homeotic gene expression.
Dynamic regulation of 5-hydroxymethylcytosine in mouse ES cells and during differentiation.
Mapping copy number variation by population-scale genome sequencing.
Modelling schizophrenia using human induced pluripotent stem cells.
Catalysis for fluorination and trifluoromethylation.
SAMHD1 is the dendritic-and myeloid-cell-specific HIV-1 restriction factor counteracted by Vpx.
Genome sequence and analysis of the tuber crop potato.
RNAi screen identifies Brd4 as a therapeutic target in acute myeloid leukaemia.
The developmental transcriptome of Drosophila melanogaster.
[C] Alzheimer's disease: The forgetting gene..
Six priorities for Antarctic science.
Environment: Breathing trouble.
Condensed-matter physics: Magnetic fields without magnetic fields.
Winner takes all in science.
Cancer: Persistence of leukaemic ancestors.
Q&A: Acoustic archaeologist.
Mentoring awards: Focus on people.
China: Synthetic ivory fails to stop illegal trade.
Using an open source model to accelerate schistosomiasis drug research.
Metabolic profiling of epithelial ovarian cancer cell lines: evaluation of harvesting protocols for profiling using NMR spectroscopy.
Application of paper spray-MS in PK studies using sunitinib and benzethonium as model compounds.
Synthetic immunity to break down the bottleneck of cancer immunotherapy.
Advanced drug delivery systems for local treatment of the oral cavity.
Omalizumab for the treatment of atopic dermatitis.
Overview of quantum memory protection and adiabaticity induction by fast signal control.
Schistosomiasis and its treatment.
Towards a China-based flagship international journal.
Root meristematic karyon size: possible new index in the evaluation of plant invasiveness..
Publishers withdraw more than 120 gibberish papers.
MicroRNA silencing for cancer therapy targeted to the tumour microenvironment.
Transcriptional regulation of autophagy by an FXR-CREB axis.
Structure of the LH1-RC complex from Thermochromatium tepidum at 3.0 [thinsp] A.
Rapid modelling of cooperating genetic events in cancer through somatic genome editing.
Direct observations of evolving subglacial drainage beneath the Greenland Ice Sheet.
Piezo1 integration of vascular architecture with physiological force.
Interneuron subtypes and orientation tuning.
The drivers of tropical speciation.
A low-cost non-toxic post-growth activation step for CdTe solar cells.
Stellar-Mass Black Holes and Ultraluminous X-ray Sources.
Multiple spectral inputs improve motion discrimination in the Drosophila visual system.
Knowing the boundaries: extending the differential adhesion hypothesis in embryonic cell sorting.
Segregation of axonal and somatic activity during fast network oscillations.
Tissint martian meteorite: A fresh look at the interior, surface, and atmosphere of Mars.
Asymmetric division of Drosophila male germline stem cell shows asymmetric histone distribution.
Ferroelectric columnar liquid crystal featuring confined polar groups within coreshell architecture.
Cancer and telomeresan ALTernative to telomerase.
Strain tuning of individual atomic tunneling systems detected by a superconducting qubit.
Conformational control of the Ste5 scaffold protein insulates against MAP kinase misactivation.
Density of Mars' south polar layered deposits.
The looming oil crisis could arrive uncomfortably soon.
Electrical activity during the 2006 Mount St. Augustine volcanic eruptions.
Agent Orange's bitter harvest.
[C] Probing the roots of race and cancer.
Sound production in the clownfish Amphiprion clarkii.
Fine thermal structure of a coronal active region.
China, Vietnam grapple with'rapidly evolving'pig virus.
Early urban development in the Near East.
Gatekeepers of the nucleus.
DNA topoisomerase II and neural development.
Observation of antiferromagnetic domains in epitaxial thin films.
African hot spot volcanism: small-scale convection in the upper mantle beneath cratons.
Imaging precessional motion of the magnetization vector.
A PEST-like sequence in listeriolysin O essential for Listeria monocytogenes pathogenicity.
The influence of Canadian forest fires on pollutant concentrations in the United States.
Molecular architecture and evolution of a modular spider silk protein gene.
Self-assembling amphiphilic siderophores from marine bacteria.
Pleistocene milestones on the out-of-Africa corridor at Gesher Benot Ya'aqov, Israel.
Longitudinal analysis of microbial interaction between humans and the indoor environment.
Programmable self-assembly in a thousand-robot swarm.
Activation of cytoplasmic dynein motility by dynactin-cargo adapter complexes.
Single-electron transmetalation in organoboron cross-coupling by photoredox/nickel dual catalysis.
The HydG enzyme generates an Fe (CO) 2 (CN) synthon in assembly of the FeFe hydrogenase H-cluster.
Single-mode laser by parity-time symmetry breaking.
The gravity field and interior structure of Enceladus.
Climate effects of aerosol-cloud interactions.
The early spread and epidemic ignition of HIV-1 in human populations.
Faster decomposition under increased atmospheric CO2 limits soil carbon storage.
Structure of a complex of the ATPase SecA and the protein-translocation channel.
Gibberellin-induced DELLA recognition by the gibberellin receptor GID1.
Bottom-up organic integrated circuits.
Vertical structure of recent Arctic warming.
Chemical compass model of avian magnetoreception.
Translating insights from the cancer genome into clinical practice.
Identification of Holliday junction resolvases from humans and yeast.
The genome of the simian and human malaria parasite Plasmodium knowlesi.
Quantum coherence and entanglement with ultracold atoms in optical lattices.
A unifying framework for dinitrogen fixation in the terrestrial biosphere.
Element-resolved corrosion analysis of stainless-type glass-forming steels.
Certify sustainable aquaculture.
Structure of histone mRNA stem-loop, human stem-loop binding protein, and 3 hExo ternary complex.
Culture, genes, and the human revolution.
New tool for genome surgery.
Effect of collective molecular reorientations on Brownian motion of colloids in nematic liquid crystal.
Hind wings in basal birds and the evolution of leg feathers.
A secreted disulfide catalyst controls extracellular matrix composition and function.
Evidence for water in the rocky debris of a disrupted extrasolar minor planet.
Stabilizing liquid drops in nonequilibrium shapes by the interfacial jamming of nanoparticles.
Spindle multipolarity is prevented by centrosomal clustering.
Twenty-one millisecond pulsars in Terzan 5 using the Green Bank Telescope.
Gigantic photoresponse in -filled-band organic salt (EDO-TTF) 2PF6.
Shared cortical anatomy for motor awareness and motor control.
Palladium-catalyzed oxidation of organic chemicals with O2.
Functional genomic analysis of RNA interference in C. elegans.
The Trypanosoma cruzi proteome.
Iron isotope constraints on the Archean and Paleoproterozoic ocean redox state.
Crystal structure of a complex between the catalytic and regulatory (RI) subunits of PKA.
Porous semiconductor chalcogenide aerogels.
Intermediates in the transformation of phosphonates to phosphate by bacteria.
Arctic science: The local perspective.
Algae: the scum solution.
Inclusive fitness in evolution.
Atom-resolved imaging of ordered defect superstructures at individual grain boundaries.
Perspective: test and treat this silent killer.
The rise of people power.
Changing perceptions: The power of autism.
Self-replication of information-bearing nanoscale patterns.
Neuronal filtering of multiplexed odour representations.
Cancer: an infernal triangle.
Materials chemistry: Space invaders.
Wolf et al. reply.
The good, the bad and the ugly.
Climate change: Lessons from a distant monsoon.
Redox-mediated substrate recognition by Sdp1 defines a new group of tyrosine phosphatases.
Structural biology: analysis of protein-folding cooperativity.
Spreading rate dependence of gravity anomalies along oceanic transform faults.
A critical ligamentous mechanism in the evolution of avian flight.
An unexpected cooling effect in Saturn's upper atmosphere.
The RickA protein of Rickettsia conorii activates the Arp2/3 complex.
Ras regulates assembly of mitogenic signalling complexes through the effector protein IMP.
Detachment fronts and the onset of dynamic friction.
The cell-cycle regulator geminin inhibits Hox function through direct and polycomb-mediated interactions.
A newly discovered Roseobacter cluster in temperate and polar oceans.
Magnetoreception and its trigeminal mediation in the homing pigeon.
A membrane-access mechanism of ion channel inhibition by voltage sensor toxins from spider venom.
An extreme distortion of the Van Allen belt arising from the/Hallowe'en/'solar storm in 2003.
Insights into assembly from structural analysis of bacteriophage PRD1.
Links between salinity variation in the Caribbean and North Atlantic thermohaline circulation.
Reversing histone methylation.
The immunoglobulin superfamily protein Izumo is required for sperm to fuse with eggs.
Large-scale sequencing of human influenza reveals the dynamic nature of viral genome evolution.
The contribution of species richness and composition to bacterial services.
Chance caught on the wing: cis-regulatory evolution and the origin of pigment patterns in Drosophila.
Spatial regulation of -actin translation by Src-dependent phosphorylation of ZBP1.
The neuronal representation of pitch in primate auditory cortex.
Index aims for fair ranking of scientists.
Plasma formation and temperature measurement during single-bubble cavitation.
The breakdown of continuum models for mechanical contacts.
Formation and spread of aircraft-induced holes in clouds.
Challenges and opportunities.
Evidence from numerical experiments for a feedback dynamo generating Mercury's magnetic field.
Mending the youngest hearts.
A threat to medical innovation.
Converging on an HIV vaccine.
EPA proposal would exempt some GMOs from registry.
As E. coli outbreak recedes, new questions come to the fore.
Phosphatase Inhibition Delays Translational Recovery.
Intrinsic coupling of lagging-strand synthesis to chromatin assembly.
Functional dissection of lysine deacetylases reveals that HDAC1 and p300 regulate AMPK.
Nanotechnology: carrying drugs.
Open structure of the Ca2+ gating ring in the high-conductance Ca2+-activated K+ channel.
Wetting of flexible fibre arrays.
Genetic dissection of the circuit for hand dexterity in primates.
The making of ENCODE: lessons for big-data projects.
Self-renewal of embryonic-stem-cell-derived progenitors by organ-matched mesenchyme.
Structure of the haptoglobin-haemoglobin complex.
Codon-usage-based inhibition of HIV protein synthesis by human schlafen 11.
Formic-acid-induced depolymerization of oxidized lignin to aromatics.
Neutrinos from the primary proton-proton fusion process in the Sun.
Inactivation of PI (3) K p110 [dgr] breaks regulatory T-cell-mediated immune tolerance to cancer.
The power of relativistic jets is larger than the luminosity of their accretion disks.
A Sedna-like body with a perihelion of 80 astronomical units.
Coherent suppression of electromagnetic dissipation due to superconducting quasiparticles.
Diabetes recovery by age-dependent conversion of pancreatic [dgr]-cells into insulin producers.
Brainstem nucleus MdV mediates skilled forelimb motor tasks.
Asymmetric synthesis from terminal alkenes by cascades of diboration and cross-coupling.
Comparative analysis of regulatory information and circuits across distant species.
A role for mitochondria in NLRP3 inflammasome activation.
An integrated semiconductor device enabling non-optical genome sequencing.
Genetic risk and a primary role for cell-mediated immune mechanisms in multiple sclerosis.
Tumour evolution inferred by single-cell sequencing.
Hotspots of aberrant epigenomic reprogramming in human induced pluripotent stem cells.
Molecular chaperones in protein folding and proteostasis.
Persistence of soil organic matter as an ecosystem property.
The Polycomb complex PRC2 and its mark in life.
Spin-orbit-coupled Bose-Einstein condensates.
Gut flora metabolism of phosphatidylcholine promotes cardiovascular disease.
Gene therapy on trial.
Redox signaling in chloroplasts: cleavage of disulfides by an iron-sulfur cluster.
Mitochondrial FtsZ in a chromophyte alga.
Ultrafast mid-infrared response of YBa2Cu3O7-.
Isotope fractionation and atmospheric oxygen: implications for Phanerozoic O2 evolution.
Self-mode-locking of quantum cascade lasers with giant ultrafast optical nonlinearities.
A link between RNA interference and nonsense-mediated decay in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Isotopic evidence for variations in the marine calcium cycle over the Cenozoic.
Central role for the lens in cave fish eye degeneration.
The last glacial-Holocene transition in southern Chile.
Small-molecule inhibitor of Vibrio cholerae virulence and intestinal colonization.
Nutrient-specific foraging in invertebrate predators.
Genome-wide RNAi screen for host factors required for intracellular bacterial infection.
Toward inherently secure and resilient societies.
Mammalian SAD kinases are required for neuronal polarization.
Earth's free oscillations excited by the 26 December 2004 Sumatra-Andaman earthquake.
Multiple transatlantic introductions of the western corn rootworm.
Deflection of the interstellar neutral hydrogen flow across the heliospheric interface.
Olivine and pyroxene diversity in the crust of Mars.
Early asymmetry of gene transcription in embryonic human left and right cerebral cortex.
Tension sensing by Aurora B kinase is independent of survivin-based centromere localization.
On the spectrum.
[C] Antibiotic resistance: the last resort..
COUP-TFII inhibits TGF-[bgr]-induced growth barrier to promote prostate tumorigenesis.
Maternal imprinting at the H19-Igf2 locus maintains adult haematopoietic stem cell quiescence.
Visualization of splenic marginal zone B-cell shuttling and follicular B-cell egress.
Chinese agriculture: An experiment for the world.
Phosphatidylserine receptor BAI1 and apoptotic cells as new promoters of myoblast fusion.
Stabilization of cooperative virulence by the expression of an avirulent phenotype.
Locomotion dynamics of hunting in wild cheetahs.
Altered heterochromatin binding by a hybrid sterility protein in Drosophila sibling species.
The Ardipithecus ramidus skull and its implications for hominid origins.
A constant flux of diverse thermophilic bacteria into the cold Arctic seabed.
Orc1 controls centriole and centrosome copy number in human cells.
Local adaptation of bacteriophages to their bacterial hosts in soil.
Lunar radar sounder observations of subsurface layers under the nearside maria of the Moon.
A complete skeleton of a Late Triassic saurischian and the early evolution of dinosaurs.
Spinal endocannabinoids and CB1 receptors mediate C-fiberinduced heterosynaptic pain sensitization.
Synthetic heterochromatin bypasses RNAi and centromeric repeats to establish functional centromeres.
Protection of C. elegans from anoxia by HYL-2 ceramide synthase.
Requirement of Mis6 centromere connector for localizing a CENP-A-like protein in fission yeast.
Information storage and retrieval through quantum phase.
Involvement of cellular caveolae in bacterial entry into mast cells.
Dimensionality effects in the lifetime of surface states.
Transgene and transposon silencing in Chlamydomonas reinhardtii by a DEAH-box RNA helicase.
Trienoic fatty acids and plant tolerance of high temperature.
Primordial carbonylated iron-sulfur compounds and the synthesis of pyruvate.
A ferroelectric liquid crystal conglomerate composed of racemic molecules.
The contribution of noise to contrast invariance of orientation tuning in cat visual cortex.
A mammalian H+ channel generated through alternative splicing of the NADPH oxidase homolog NOH-1.
The abscisic acid receptor PYR1 in complex with abscisic acid.
Toxicology for the twenty-first century.
Innate immune recognition of infected apoptotic cells directs TH17 cell differentiation.
Active turnover modulates mature microRNA activity in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Cell-cycle restriction limits DNA damage and maintains self-renewal of leukaemia stem cells.
Mitochondrial gene replacement in primate offspring and embryonic stem cells.
Cooper pair splitter realized in a two-quantum-dot Y-junction.
The formation of the first stars and galaxies.
Comprehensive polymorphism survey elucidates population structure of Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Materials engineering for immunomodulation.
Brilliant whiteness in ultrathin beetle scales.
Regolith migration and sorting on asteroid Itokawa.
Imaging of single organic molecules in motion.
Effect of sedimentation on ice-sheet grounding-line stability.
Preceramic adoption of peanut, squash, and cotton in northern Peru.
Live-cell imaging of enzyme-substrate interaction reveals spatial regulation of PTP1B.
Structure of hexameric DnaB helicase and its complex with a domain of DnaG primase.
Coupled ferric oxides and sulfates on the Martian surface.
Facultative mate choice drives adaptive hybridization.
Chimeras of two isoprenoid synthases catalyze all four coupling reactions in isoprenoid biosynthesis.
Multi-isotope imaging mass spectrometry reveals slow protein turnover in hair-cell stereocilia.
A [sim] 0.2-solar-mass protostar with a Keplerian disk in the very young L1527 IRS system.
Multiscale gigapixel photography.
The same pocket in menin binds both MLL and JUND but has opposite effects on transcription.
Evaporative cooling of the dipolar hydroxyl radical.
Viral immune modulators perturb the human molecular network by common and unique strategies.
An over-massive black hole in the compact lenticular galaxy NGC [thinsp] 1277.
Acquisition of a multifunctional IgA+ plasma cell phenotype in the gut.
Coherent quantum phase slip.
Fucose sensing regulates bacterial intestinal colonization.
Identifying influential and susceptible members of social networks.
The state and fate of Himalayan glaciers.
The active site of methanol synthesis over Cu/ZnO/Al2O3 industrial catalysts.
The Paleozoic origin of enzymatic lignin decomposition reconstructed from 31 fungal genomes.
Disease tolerance as a defense strategy.
Crystal structure of a lipid G proteincoupled receptor.
An abundance of rare functional variants in 202 drug target genes sequenced in 14,002 people.
miRNA-mediated gene silencing by translational repression followed by mRNA deadenylation and decay.
Neonicotinoid pesticide reduces bumble bee colony growth and queen production.
Graphene barristor, a triode device with a gate-controlled Schottky barrier.
Hydrogen bonding: Single enantiomers from a chiral-alcohol catalyst.
Magnitude and timing of temperature change in the Indo-Pacific warm pool during deglaciation.
Real-time detection of electron tunnelling in a quantum dot.
Predicted recurrences of mass coral mortality in the Indian Ocean.
A zebrafish homologue of the chemokine receptor Cxcr4 is a germ-cell guidance receptor.
Evolution of cooperation and conflict in experimental bacterial populations.
Role of the prolyl isomerase Pin1 in protecting against age-dependent neurodegeneration.
Proton-sensing G-protein-coupled receptors.
No upward trends in the occurrence of extreme floods in central Europe.
SAP is required for generating long-term humoral immunity.
Deterioration of the seventeenth-century warship Vasa by internal formation of sulphuric acid.
Megagauss sensors.
Incremental training increases the plasticity of the auditory space map in adult barn owls.
Non-framework cation migration and irreversible pressure-induced hydration in a zeolite.
Medicine: silencing viruses with RNA.
Mineralogy of the mid-ocean-ridge basalt source from neodymium isotopic composition of abyssal peridotites.
Evolutionary biology: performance constraints in decathletes.
Reduced nitrogen fixation in the glacial ocean inferred from changes in marine nitrogen and phosphorus inventories.
Crossover between classical and quantum shot noise in chaotic cavities.
Nitrogen cycle: Natural organic tendency.
Motor control by sensory cortex.
Increased mutagenesis and unique mutation signature associated with mitotic gene conversion.
Radio-frequency association of Efimov trimers.
Observation of an antimatter hypernucleus.
Getting to the critical nucleus of aerosol formation.
Altruism, spite, and greenbeards.
Fairness and the development of inequality acceptance.
Island biogeography reveals the deep history of SIV.
A small-RNA perspective on gametogenesis, fertilization, and early zygotic development.
Nanophase transition metal oxides show large thermodynamically driven shifts in oxidation-reduction equilibria.
Combined action of PHD and chromo domains directs the Rpd3S HDAC to transcribed chromatin.
CO2-forced climate and vegetation instability during Late Paleozoic deglaciation.
Generation and photonic guidance of multi-octave optical-frequency combs.
Transcribing RNA polymerase II is phosphorylated at CTD residue serine-7.
Modeling the initiation and progression of human acute leukemia in mice.
-Klotho as a regulator of calcium homeostasis.
The phosphothreonine lyase activity of a bacterial type III effector family.
Slow earthquakes coincident with episodic tremors and slow slip events.
Four climate cycles of recurring deep and surface water destabilizations on the Iberian margin.
Charge transfer equilibria between diamond and an aqueous oxygen electrochemical redox couple.
A developmental switch of axon targeting in the continuously regenerating mouse olfactory system.
Coherent transmutation of electrons into fractionalized anyons.
Negative-emissions insurance.
KOI-3278: A Self-Lensing Binary Star System.
China gets serious about its pollutant-laden soil.
Asymmetric syntheses of sceptrin and massadine and evidence for biosynthetic enantiodivergence.
Multiple nutrient stresses at intersecting Pacific Ocean biomes detected by protein biomarkers.
A mechanosensory pathway to the Drosophila circadian clock.
Response to Comment on Quantifying long-term scientific impact.
A potential target in a deadly brain cancer.
Two distinct modes of guidance signalling during collective migration of border cells.
Template switching during break-induced replication.
Patterning of sodium ions and the control of electrons in sodium cobaltate.
Antitumour drugs impede DNA uncoiling by topoisomerase I.
Fluctuating valence in a correlated solid and the anomalous properties of &dgr;-plutonium.
Specialized hepatocyte-like cells regulate Drosophila lipid metabolism.
Completing the map of human genetic variation.
A topographic map of recruitment in spinal cord.
Millennial-scale trends in west Pacific warm pool hydrology since the Last Glacial Maximum.
Quantifying the evolutionary dynamics of language.
9p21 DNA variants associated with coronary artery disease impair interferon-[ggr] signalling response.
Improved measurement of the shape of the electron.
Amygdala circuitry mediating reversible and bidirectional control of anxiety.
An endogenous tumour-promoting ligand of the human aryl hydrocarbon receptor.
Crystal structure of metarhodopsin II.
A reserve stem cell population in small intestine renders Lgr5-positive cells dispensable.
Human metabolic individuality in biomedical and pharmaceutical research.
Direct conversion of mouse fibroblasts to hepatocyte-like cells by defined factors.
Observation of the dynamical Casimir effect in a superconducting circuit.
Robust multicellular computing using genetically encoded NOR gates and chemical/wires/'.
Cell tracing shows the contribution of the yolk sac to adult haematopoiesis.
Helicobacter pylori CagA targets PAR1/MARK kinase to disrupt epithelial cell polarity.
Image statistics and the perception of surface qualities.
Postcranial evidence from early Homo from Dmanisi, Georgia.
The histone H3K4 demethylase SMCX links REST target genes to X-linked mental retardation.
Generating single microwave photons in a circuit.
Opposing LSD1 complexes function in developmental gene activation and repression programmes.
Low-temperature shear modulus changes in solid 4He and connection to supersolidity.
Evolution of species interactions in a biofilm community.
Egalitarian motives in humans.
Insect herbivores drive real-time ecological and evolutionary change in plant populations.
Templating three-dimensional self-assembled structures in bilayer block copolymer films.
Cytoplasmic dynein moves through uncoordinated stepping of the AAA+ ring domains.
Structure-based mechanistic insights into DNMT1-mediated maintenance DNA methylation.
Taming of fluoroform: direct nucleophilic trifluoromethylation of Si, B, S, and C Centers.
Lin28b reprograms adult bone marrow hematopoietic progenitors to mediate fetal-like lymphopoiesis.
The provenances of asteroids, and their contributions to the volatile inventories of the terrestrial planets.
Differential diffusivity of Nodal and Lefty underlies a reaction-diffusion patterning system.
Elemental mapping by Dawn reveals exogenic H in Vesta's regolith.
Arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi increase organic carbon decomposition under elevated CO2.
Genetic mechanisms and constraints governing the evolution of correlated traits in drosophilid flies.
Fertilized to death.
Wave-like properties of solar supergranulation.
Oligocene mammals from Ethiopia and faunal exchange between Afro-Arabia and Eurasia.
Cephalopod Hox genes and the origin of morphological novelties.
Evolution: Single-gene speciation by leftright reversal.
Strong population substructure is correlated with morphology and ecology in a migratory bat.
Crop improvement: a dying breed.
Opposing basal ganglia processes shape midbrain visuomotor activity bilaterally.
Continuing emissions of methyl chloroform from Europe.
Expectations of brilliance underlie gender distributions across academic disciplines.
Marine defaunation: Animal loss in the global ocean.
On the nucleus structure and activity of comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko.
HIV-1 neutralizing antibodies induced by native-like envelope trimers.
Extensive introgression in a malaria vector species complex revealed by phylogenomics.
Comprehensive serological profiling of human populations using a synthetic human virome.
Strongly correlated quantum walks in optical lattices.
Mutational landscape determines sensitivity to PD-1 blockade in nonsmall cell lung cancer.
The landing (s) of Philae and inferences about comet surface mechanical properties.
Organic compounds on comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko revealed by COSAC mass spectrometry.
The loss of ions from Venus through the plasma wake.
Variation in styles of rifting in the Gulf of California.
A general integrative model for scaling plant growth, carbon flux, and functional trait spectra.
High-resolution, high-sensitivity NMR of nanolitre anisotropic samples by coil spinning.
The depth distribution of azimuthal anisotropy in the continental upper mantle.
Morphology and dynamics of the upper cloud layer of Venus.
Carbon dioxide release from the North Pacific abyss during the last deglaciation.
Group formation stabilizes predatorprey dynamics.
The twisted ion-permeation pathway of a resting voltage-sensing domain.
Crustal rheology of the Himalaya and Southern Tibet inferred from magnetotelluric data.
Reduced sleep in Drosophila Shaker mutants.
The map-based sequence of the rice genome.
Genome-wide non-mendelian inheritance of extra-genomic information in Arabidopsis.
The entomological inoculation rate and Plasmodium falciparum infection in African children.
Sex-specific peptides from exocrine glands stimulate mouse vomeronasal sensory neurons.
Spin transition of iron in magnesiowstite in the Earth's lower mantle.
Male-specific fruitless specifies the neural substrates of Drosophila courtship behaviour.
Friction and torque govern the relaxation of DNA supercoils by eukaryotic topoisomerase IB.
Sustained firing in auditory cortex evoked by preferred stimuli.
Translating cancer research into targeted therapeutics.
Detection of ice and organics on an asteroidal surface.
Sparse coding and high-order correlations in fine-scale cortical networks.
Ancient animal microRNAs and the evolution of tissue identity.
Immunology and the elusive AIDS vaccine.
Inhibition of follicular T-helper cells by CD8+ regulatory T cells is essential for self tolerance.
Water ice and organics on the surface of the asteroid 24 Themis.
mTORC1 controls fasting-induced ketogenesis and its modulation by ageing.
An upper limit on the contribution of accreting white dwarfs to the type Ia supernova rate.
Affinity gradients drive copper to cellular destinations.
Quantum tomography of an electron.
Structure of the immature HIV-1 capsid in intact virus particles at 8.8 A resolution.
Uncertainties in the timing of unprecedented climates.
A primitive fish from the Cambrian of North America.
Piezo2 is the major transducer of mechanical forces for touch sensation in mice.
Drug development: time for teamwork.
Structural basis for the inhibition of the eukaryotic ribosome.
Crystal structures of the Lsm complex bound to the 3 [prime] end sequence of U6 small nuclear RNA.
Carbonic anhydrases, EPF2 and a novel protease mediate CO2 control of stomatal development.
Stochastic transport through carbon nanotubes in lipid bilayers and live cell membranes.
Rewarding effects of opiates are absent in mice lacking the receptor for substance P.
Ontogeny of orientation flight in the honeybee revealed by harmonic radar.
S-RNase uptake by compatible pollen tubes in gametophytic self-incompatibility.
Evidence that humans evolved from a knuckle-walking ancestor.
Superconductivity in molecular crystals induced by charge injection.
One-stop shop for microarray data.
Lessons from human progeroid syndromes.
Repeated, recent and diverse transfers of a mitochondrial gene to the nucleus in flowering plants.
Quasi-planar nucleus structure in apoferritin crystallization.
Resonance as a measure of pairing correlations in the high-T c superconductor YBa2Cu3O6. 6.
Open access and global participation in science.
Strengthening individual memories by reactivating them during sleep.
Oceanic spawning migration of the European eel (Anguilla anguilla).
Human substantia nigra neurons encode unexpected financial rewards.
Eos mediates Foxp3-dependent gene silencing in CD4+ regulatory T cells.
Multiscale mechanics of fibrin polymer: gel stretching with protein unfolding and loss of water.
Tracking progress toward the 2010 biodiversity target and beyond.
Formation of the first peptide bond: the structure of EF-P bound to the 70S ribosome.
Simpson's paradox in a synthetic microbial system.
Crystal structure of a nucleocapsid-like nucleoprotein-RNA complex of respiratory syncytial virus.
A neural mechanism underlying mating preferences for familiar individuals in medaka fish.
Atomic-scale variability and control of III-V nanowire growth kinetics.
Antibodies to PfSEA-1 block parasite egress from RBCs and protect against malaria infection.
Just think: the challenges of the disengaged mind.
Ediacaran metazoan reefs from the Nama Group, Namibia.
Optically measuring force near the standard quantum limit.
A memory of errors in sensorimotor learning.
Epistasis and allele specificity in the emergence of a stable polymorphism in Escherichia coli.
GABA/glutamate co-release controls habenula output and is modified by antidepressant treatment.
Predicting microbial growth.
An engineered microbial platform for direct biofuel production from brown macroalgae.
The shared antibiotic resistome of soil bacteria and human pathogens.
Synaptic dysfunction in depression: potential therapeutic targets.
Compartmentalized control of skin immunity by resident commensals.
Three-dimensional structures self-assembled from DNA bricks.
Observation of skyrmions in a multiferroic material.
Genome-wide detection of single-nucleotide and copy-number variations of a single human cell.
Plasmonic nanolaser using epitaxially grown silver film.
Mechanism of voltage gating in potassium channels.
Abnormal brain structure implicated in stimulant drug addiction.
Analysis of surface materials by the Curiosity Mars rover.
Recombinatorial logic.
Dark clouds over Spanish science.
Making a point with Wnt signals.
Prairie dogs disperse when all close kin have disappeared.
Programmed cell death in neuronal development.
Seas of superoxide.
Improving education standards.
With a little help from prokaryotes.
Exciton quenching and migration in single conjugated polymers.
Phase transition of FeO and stratification in Earth's outer core.
Latitudinal gradients in greenhouse seawater 18O: evidence from Eocene sirenian tooth enamel.
What would you do?.
Current designs address safety problems in Fukushima reactors.
DNA synthesis generates terminal duplications that seal end-to-end chromosome fusions.
Sex, death, and the red queen.
A magnetically focused molecular beam of ortho-water.
Coexisting with cattle.
Getting a better estimate of an atmospheric radical.
Cell cycle: Cell division brought down to size.
Nanooptics: Photons pushed together.
Microscopy: Light from the dark.
Microbiology: Life on leaves.
Neuroscience: AMPA receptors get'pickled'.
Drug discovery: propping up a destructive regime.
Palaeoanthropology: Asian Homo erectus converges in time.
Pakistan's reform experiment.
Epigenetics: Ready for the marks.
Recession Watch: End the obsession with interest.
[C] Global warming coming home to roost in the American West.
Inconsistencies between Pangean reconstructions and basic climate controls.
Allelopathic effect of Calotropis procera leaves extract on seed germination of some plants.
Dual regulation of endothelial junctional permeability.
Cortico-striatal synaptic defects and OCD-like behaviours in Sapap3-mutant mice.
TPP1 is a homologue of ciliate TEBP-&bgr; and interacts with POT1 to recruit telomerase.
Generation of functional multipotent adult stem cells from GPR125+ germline progenitors.
Differential Notch signalling distinguishes neural stem cells from intermediate progenitors.
Conversion of mature B cells into T cells by dedifferentiation to uncommitted progenitors.
Protective and therapeutic role for &agr; B-crystallin in autoimmune demyelination.
Toxoplasma co-opts host gene expression by injection of a polymorphic kinase homologue.
Extremely fast acceleration of cosmic rays in a supernova remnant.
Rhythmic growth explained by coincidence between internal and external cues.
Controlled exchange interaction between pairs of neutral atoms in an optical lattice.
Mirid bug outbreaks in multiple crops correlated with wide-scale adoption of Bt cotton in China.
Coadministration of a tumor-penetrating peptide enhances the efficacy of cancer drugs.
Asian monsoon failure and megadrought during the last millennium.
Nanoscale tunable reduction of graphene oxide for graphene electronics.
Structural basis of preexisting immunity to the 2009 H1N1 pandemic influenza virus.
Detection of water in the LCROSS ejecta plume.
High-resolution analysis of parent-of-origin allelic expression in the mouse brain.
Evidence for strong extragalactic magnetic fields from Fermi observations of TeV blazars.
Nematic Electronic Structure in the Parent State of the Iron-Based Superconductor Ca (Fe1xCox) 2As2.
Variation in transcription factor binding among humans.
Lethal aggression in mobile forager bands and implications for the origins of war.
Preferential recognition of avian-like receptors in human influenza A H7N9 viruses.
Defining stem cell dynamics in models of intestinal tumor initiation.
Alignment of magnetized accretion disks and relativistic jets with spinning black holes.
Horizontal transfer of entire genomes via mitochondrial fusion in the angiosperm Amborella.
Yeast reveal a druggable Rsp5/Nedd4 network that ameliorates -synuclein toxicity in neurons.
Single-cell DNA-methylation analysis reveals epigenetic chimerism in preimplantation embryos.
Nonlegumes respond to rhizobial Nod factors by suppressing the innate immune response.
Imaging morphogenesis: technological advances and biological insights.
Low coseismic shear stress on the Tohoku-Oki megathrust determined from laboratory experiments.
Chemistry: Amplification by compartmentalization.
[C] 'Superbug'hurdles key drug barrier.
Fibre science: Supercontraction stress in wet spider dragline.
Toxic oxygen: the radical life-giver.
Effects of grouping in contextual modulation.
Materials science: Thin-film cliffhanger.
Calcium activation of BKCa potassium channels lacking the calcium bowl and RCK domains.
Muted climate variations in continental Siberia during the mid-Pleistocene epoch.
Comparative genomics: the mouse that roared.
Neurobiology: The amazing astrocyte.
Recent synchronous radiation of a living fossil.
A coherent signature of anthropogenic nitrogen deposition to remote watersheds of the northern hemisphere.
High value and long life-double jeopardy for tunas and billfishes.
Genomic signatures predict migration and spawning failure in wild Canadian salmon.
Designing the next generation of chemical separation membranes.
The race to x-ray microbeam and nanobeam science.
Direct conversion of C. elegans germ cells into specific neuron types.
Conical intersection dynamics in NO2 probed by homodyne high-harmonic spectroscopy.
Deep mantle cycling of oceanic crust: evidence from diamonds and their mineral inclusions.
The foot and ankle of Australopithecus sediba.
Evidence for a spin-aligned neutron-proton paired phase from the level structure of 92Pd.
Collaboration encourages equal sharing in children but not in chimpanzees.
Observed increase in local cooling effect of deforestation at higher latitudes.
Two-photon laser spectroscopy of antiprotonic helium and the antiproton-to-electron mass ratio.
PDGF signalling controls age-dependent proliferation in pancreatic [bgr]-cells.
Theta-paced flickering between place-cell maps in the hippocampus.
Non-adaptive origins of interactome complexity.
A tension-induced mechanotransduction pathway promotes epithelial morphogenesis.
Southern Ocean dust-climate coupling over the past four million years.
Crystal structure of inhibitor of [kgr] B kinase [bgr].
Controlled collisions for multi-particle entanglement of optically trapped atoms.
Cdc42 regulates GSK-3 and adenomatous polyposis coli to control cell polarity.
The genome sequence of Bacillus anthracis Ames and comparison to closely related bacteria.
The tumour suppressor CYLD negatively regulates NF-B signalling by deubiquitination.
The Bloom's syndrome helicase suppresses crossing over during homologous recombination.
Universal alignment of hydrogen levels in semiconductors, insulators and solutions.
Hedgehog signalling in the mouse requires intraflagellar transport proteins.
STAT3 signalling is required for leptin regulation of energy balance but not reproduction.
Reduced drag coefficient for high wind speeds in tropical cyclones.
Cellular networks underlying human spatial navigation.
A Crystalline Singlet Phosphinonitrene: A Nitrogen AtomTransfer Agent.
How bacterial lineages emerge.
Mutations in the neverland gene turned Drosophila pachea into an obligate specialist species.
Comment on Intensifying weathering and land use in Iron Age Central Africa.
Cartwheel architecture of Trichonympha basal body.
Ancestral hierarchy and conflict.
Reprogramming the genetic code.
Observation of 239Pu nuclear magnetic resonance.
Adaptive sleep loss in polygynous pectoral sandpipers.
Cenozoic tectonics of western North America controlled by evolving width of Farallon slab.
Tinkering inside the organelle.
Sustaining the data and bioresource commons.
Transnuclear mice with predefined T cell receptor specificities against Toxoplasma gondii obtained via SCNT.
Small-scale mantle convection produces stratigraphic sequences in sedimentary basins.
Detection of a large-scale structure of intracluster globular clusters in the Virgo cluster.
Cryptic sex-ratio bias provides indirect genetic benefits despite sexual conflict.
Candidate human ancestor from South Africa sparks praise and debate.
Regulating direct-to-consumer personal genome testing.
The cancer drug that almost wasn't.
Biorobotics: Using robots to emulate and investigate agile locomotion.
Lifting the Fog of Complexity.
Early accretion of water in the inner solar system from a carbonaceous chondritelike source.
Disrupting dissolving ions at surfaces with fluid flow.
Antigen modification regulates competition of broad and narrow neutralizing HIV antibodies.
Can cancer trigger autoimmunity.
Evidence for mesothermy in dinosaurs.
Chasing the money.
Zero hunger.
Activation of visual pigments by light and heat.
Spotlight on plasmon lasers.
Warburg effect and redox balance.
A self-quenched defect glass in a colloid-nematic liquid crystal composite.
Do lipid rafts exist?.
Rotational movement of the formin mDia1 along the double helical strand of an actin filament.
A methylaspartate cycle in haloarchaea.
Selective catalytic CH alkylation of alkenes with alcohols.
Pigeons on par with primates in numerical competence.
Industrial melanism in British peppered moths has a singular and recent mutational origin.
Tripletsinglet spin relaxation via nuclei in a double quantum dot.
A haplotype map of the human genome.
Nanotechnology:'Buckypaper'from coaxial nanotubes.
Spin-torque diode effect in magnetic tunnel junctions.
Colorectal cancer: mutations in a signalling pathway.
Role of nucleophosmin in embryonic development and tumorigenesis.
An essential role for CoREST in nucleosomal histone 3 lysine 4 demethylation.
Strong polarization enhancement in asymmetric three-component ferroelectric superlattices.
Phytochemistry: ibuprofen-like activity in extra-virgin olive oil.
Somatic mosaicism in neuronal precursor cells mediated by L1 retrotransposition.
Building programmable jigsaw puzzles with RNA.
Nitric oxide represses the Arabidopsis floral transition.
Common and distinct elements in cellular signaling via EGF and FGF receptors.
Energetics of hydrogen bond network rearrangements in liquid water.
A glycine-dependent riboswitch that uses cooperative binding to control gene expression.
Dynamics of single mRNPs in nuclei of living cells.
Instructive role of Wnt/-catenin in sensory fate specification in neural crest stem cells.
Toward Heisenberg-limited spectroscopy with multiparticle entangled states.
Silencing the jasmonate cascade: induced plant defenses and insect populations.
Localized stabilization of microtubules by integrin-and FAK-facilitated Rho signaling.
Structural basis for specific substrate recognition by the chloroplast signal recognition particle protein cpSRP43.
[C] Quantum dynamics of chemical reactions.
The chlorine isotope composition of Earth's mantle.
Understanding glacier flow in changing times.
Energy gaps and Kohn anomalies in elemental superconductors.
Lack of exposed ice inside lunar south pole Shackleton crater.
[DOC][DOC] China plans $3.5 billion GM crops initiative.
The molecular logic for planarian regeneration along the anterior-posterior axis.
Rotation mechanism of Enterococcus hirae V1-ATPase based on asymmetric crystal structures.
Ptpn11 deletion in a novel progenitor causes metachondromatosis by inducing hedgehog signalling.
Formation of a topological non-Fermi liquid in MnSi.
Mating advantage for rare males in wild guppy populations.
Crystal structure of a nitrate/nitrite exchanger.
Tipping points: From patterns to predictions.
RNA polymerase I structure and transcription regulation.
Differential stem-and progenitor-cell trafficking by prostaglandin E2.
The nuclear receptor Rev-erb [agr] controls circadian thermogenic plasticity.
Response to Comments on Disentangling the Drivers of  Diversity Along Latitudinal and Elevational Gradients.
A core metabolic enzyme mediates resistance to phosphine gas.
Prions: a piece of the puzzle.
Direct observation of stalled fork restart via fork regression in the T4 replication system.
AID-driven deletion causes immunoglobulin heavy chain locus suicide recombination in B cells.
Journey in the search for the Higgs boson: The ATLAS and CMS experiments at the Large Hadron Collider.
Convergent evolution between insect and mammalian audition.
US regulation of stem cells as medical products.
Control of sleep by cyclin A and its regulator.
To stop or not to stop.
Dynamos in asymptotic-giant-branch stars as the origin of magnetic fields shaping planetary nebulae.
The promise of protonics.
Skyrmions in a ferromagnetic BoseEinstein condensate.
Breakdown of Fermi-liquid theory in a copper-oxide superconductor.
Fundamental feelings.
Photonics: Self-assembly lights up.
Sub-Planck structure in phase space and its relevance for quantum decoherence.
Light interference from single atoms and their mirror images.
Virus-mediated killing of cells that lack p53 activity.
Metamorphic devolatilization of subducted marine sediments and the transport of volatiles into the Earth's mantle.
Genetics and phosphoproteomics reveal a protein phosphorylation network in the abscisic acid signaling pathway in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Amino acid deprivation inhibits TORC1 through a GTPase-activating protein complex for the Rag family GTPase Gtr1.
Protein interaction network of the mammalian Hippo pathway reveals mechanisms of kinase-phosphatase interactions.
Mitochondrial reactive oxygen species promote epidermal differentiation and hair follicle development.
Bypass mechanisms of resistance to receptor tyrosine kinase inhibition in lung cancer.
The p130 isoform of angiomotin is required for Yap-mediated hepatic epithelial cell proliferation and tumorigenesis.
The scientific drunk and the lamppost: massive sequencing efforts in cancer discovery and treatment.
In vivo phosphoproteomics analysis reveals the cardiac targets of -adrenergic receptor signaling.
Protein complexbased analysis framework for high-throughput data sets.
Systems-level analysis of proteolytic events in increased vascular permeability and complement activation in skin inflammation.
Receding forest edges and vanishing reserves.
Cholera dynamics and El Nino-southern oscillation.
Coding the location of the arm by sight.
A class of microstructured particles through colloidal crystallization.
Molecular computation by DNA hairpin formation.
Motion integration and postdiction in visual awareness.
High-gain harmonic-generation free-electron laser.
Mitochondria--the death Signal integrators.
Cloning and heterologous expression of the epothilone gene cluster.
Giant birefringent optics in multilayer polymer mirrors.
Freshwater methane emissions offset the continental carbon sink.
Directing zeolite structures into hierarchically nanoporous architectures.
Computational design of proteins targeting the conserved stem region of influenza hemagglutinin.
Isolation of single human hematopoietic stem cells capable of long-term multilineage engraftment.
Crystal structure of the eukaryotic 40S ribosomal subunit in complex with initiation factor 1.
Multi-input RNAi-based logic circuit for identification of specific cancer cells.
Hippo pathway inhibits Wnt signaling to restrain cardiomyocyte proliferation and heart size.
The Selaginella genome identifies genetic changes associated with the evolution of vascular plants.
Road to ruin: targeting proteins for degradation in the endoplasmic reticulum.
Altered telomeres in tumors with ATRX and DAXX mutations.
Anaerobic microbial metabolism can proceed close to thermodynamic limits.
Sexual selection: male displays adjusted to female's response.
Diurnal modulation of pacemaker potentials and calcium current in the mammalian circadian clock.
Reaction path of protein farnesyltransferase at atomic resolution.
A global disorder of imprinting in the human female germ line.
Two-component regulator of Enterococcus faecalis cytolysin responds to quorum-sensing autoinduction.
A satellite geodetic survey of large-scale deformation of volcanic centres in the central Andes.
Attentional modulation in visual cortex depends on task timing.
Sequence of Plasmodium falciparum chromosomes 2, 10, 11 and 14.
Mechanism of magnesium activation of calcium-activated potassium channels.
Food-caching western scrub-jays keep track of who was watching when.
Genomic evolution of Hox gene clusters.
MOSFET-embedded microcantilevers for measuring deflection in biomolecular sensors.
The spatial extent of 20th-century warmth in the context of the past 1200 years.
Cellulose synthase-like CslF genes mediate the synthesis of cell wall (1, 3; 1, 4)--D-glucans.
Violation of Kirchhoff's laws for a coherent RC circuit.
Accelerated evolution of conserved noncoding sequences in humans.
Core knowledge of geometry in an Amazonian indigene group.
The ground state of the pseudogap in cuprate superconductors.
Structure of the eukaryotic thiamine pyrophosphate riboswitch with its regulatory ligand.
p53-and drug-induced apoptotic responses mediated by BH3-only proteins puma and noxa.
Tumor response to radiotherapy regulated by endothelial cell apoptosis.
Derivation of oocytes from mouse embryonic stem cells.
Predominant autoantibody production by early human B cell precursors.
Small-diameter silicon nanowire surfaces.
Extended longevity in mice lacking the insulin receptor in adipose tissue.
" Plugging into enzymes": Nanowiring of redox enzymes by a gold nanoparticle.
Allelopathy and exotic plant invasion: from molecules and genes to species interactions.
The endocrine regulation of aging by insulin-like signals.
Glacial refugia: hotspots but not melting pots of genetic diversity.
Most people are not WEIRD.
MONOPTEROS controls embryonic root initiation by regulating a mobile transcription factor.
The trophic fingerprint of marine fisheries.
Purified human BRCA2 stimulates RAD51-mediated recombination.
Vascular endothelial growth factor B controls endothelial fatty acid uptake.
Telomere elongation in induced pluripotent stem cells from dyskeratosis congenita patients.
Polyreactivity increases the apparent affinity of anti-HIV antibodies by heteroligation.
Intense star formation within resolved compact regions in a galaxy at z= 2.3.
Oxidative stress induces angiogenesis by activating TLR2 with novel endogenous ligands.
Real-time tRNA transit on single translating ribosomes at codon resolution.
Defensin-like polypeptide LUREs are pollen tube attractants secreted from synergid cells.
A gatelatchlock mechanism for hormone signalling by abscisic acid receptors.
Sub-cycle switch-on of ultrastrong lightmatter interaction.
Design of functional metalloproteins.
Molybdenum cofactors, enzymes and pathways.
Effector T cell interactions with meningeal vascular structures in nascent autoimmune CNS lesions.
Frequent in-frame somatic deletions activate gp130 in inflammatory hepatocellular tumours.
Fossil steroids record the appearance of Demospongiae during the Cryogenian period.
Advances in development reverse fertility declines.
The AP-1 transcription factor Batf controls TH17 differentiation.
Microfibrenanowire hybrid structure for energy scavenging.
An Earth-system perspective of the global nitrogen cycle.
Innate immunity and intestinal microbiota in the development of Type 1 diabetes.
Strigolactone inhibition of shoot branching.
Genetics of gene expression and its effect on disease.
Loss of the autophagy protein Atg16L1 enhances endotoxin-induced IL-1&bgr; production.
Human cardiovascular progenitor cells develop from a KDR+ embryonic-stem-cell-derived population.
The aryl hydrocarbon receptor links TH17-cell-mediated autoimmunity to environmental toxins.
Millennial-and orbital-scale changes in the East Asian monsoon over the past 224,000 years.
From endoplasmic-reticulum stress to the inflammatory response.
[C] Stem-cell pioneer banks on future therapies..
Developing world: bring order to unregulated health markets.
[C] Science in three dimensions: the print revolution..
Electronics: Carbon nanotubes finally deliver.
Stem cells: flexible friends.
Continental collision slowing due to viscous mantle lithosphere rather than topography.
Perspective: Vaccinate boys too.
Initiation of transcription-coupled repair characterized at single-molecule resolution.
The numbers game.
Emissions trading: Cap and trade finds new energy.
Plant biochemistry: a naturally decaffeinated arabica coffee.
Environmental predictors of pre-European deforestation on Pacific islands.
Bottom water warming in the North Pacific Ocean.
Stellar encounters as the origin of distant Solar System objects in highly eccentric orbits.
Evidence for cultivar adoption and emerging complexity during the mid-Holocene in the La Plata basin.
Bismuth embrittlement of copper is an atomic size effect.
Electron microscopic analysis of KvAP voltage-dependent K&plus; channels in an open conformation.
A distance of 133137 parsecs to the Pleiades star cluster.
A lower limit for atmospheric carbon dioxide levels 3.2 billion years ago.
Osmium isotopic constraints on the nature of the DUPAL anomaly from Indian mid-ocean-ridge basalts.
Rho GTPases in cell biology.
Systematic identification of protein complexes in Saccharomyces cerevisiae by mass spectrometry.
Altruistic punishment in humans.
Genome sequence of the human malaria parasite Plasmodium falciparum.
Naturally secreted oligomers of amyloid  protein potently inhibit hippocampal long-term potentiation in vivo.
Ordered porous materials for emerging applications.
Functional profiling of the Saccharomyces cerevisiae genome.
Agricultural sustainability and intensive production practices.
Cardiac excitationcontraction coupling.
Coordination of circadian timing in mammals.
EF-P is essential for rapid synthesis of proteins containing consecutive proline residues.
Mucus enhances gut homeostasis and oral tolerance by delivering immunoregulatory signals.
Pivotal roles of cGAS-cGAMP signaling in antiviral defense and immune adjuvant effects.
Translational repression and eIF4A2 activity are critical for microRNA-mediated gene regulation.
Structure of parkin reveals mechanisms for ubiquitin ligase activation.
Caspase-11 protects against bacteria that escape the vacuole.
Autonomic nerve development contributes to prostate cancer progression.
Coherence and indistinguishability of single electrons emitted by independent sources.
Control of metal nanocrystal size reveals metal-support interface role for ceria catalysts.
Stress in puberty unmasks latent neuropathological consequences of prenatal immune activation in mice.
A 500-kiloton airburst over Chelyabinsk and an enhanced hazard from small impactors.
Pif1 family helicases suppress genome instability at G-quadruplex motifs.
All-angle negative refraction and active flat lensing of ultraviolet light.
Dual-mode operation of neuronal networks involved in left-right alternation.
Obesity-induced overexpression of miR-802 impairs glucose metabolism through silencing of Hnf1b.
Activated ClpP kills persisters and eradicates a chronic biofilm infection.
Minimal-excitation states for electron quantum optics using levitons.
Severe malaria is associated with parasite binding to endothelial protein C receptor.
Coordination of bacterial proteome with metabolism by cyclic AMP signalling.
A melanocyte lineage program confers resistance to MAP kinase pathway inhibition.
More genomes from Denisova cave show mixing of early human groups.
Crocodile head scales are not developmental units but emerge from physical cracking.
Control of surface charges by radicals as a principle of antistatic polymers protecting electronic circuitry.
Recurrent insect outbreaks caused by temperature-driven changes in system stability.
Targeting isoprenylcysteine methylation ameliorates disease in a mouse model of progeria.
Evidence for a Symmetrical Fluoronium ion in Solution.
Reorganization of Southern Ocean plankton ecosystem at the onset of Antarctic glaciation.
The global plight of pollinators.
Varied response of western Pacific hydrology to climate forcings over the last glacial period.
Once and future climate change.
Ubiquitin-like small archaeal modifier proteins (SAMPs) in Haloferax volcanii.
Precipitation-generated oscillations in open cellular cloud fields.
Ecologically distinct dinosaurian sister group shows early diversification of Ornithodira.
Observation of spin-dependent quantum jumps via quantum dot resonance fluorescence.
First-principles constraints on diffusion in lower-mantle minerals and a weak D [prime][prime] layer.
The 2009 Samoa-Tonga great earthquake triggered doublet.
Shaping mobile belts by small-scale convection.
Phosphorylation of the CPC by Cdk1 promotes chromosome bi-orientation.
Hidden magnetic excitation in the pseudogap phase of a high-Tc superconductor.
Developmental sensory experience balances cortical excitation and inhibition.
Chaos-based communications at high bit rates using commercial fibre-optic links.
Peak SIV replication in resting memory CD4&plus; T cells depletes gut lamina propria CD4&plus; T cells.
Leptin regulation of bone resorption by the sympathetic nervous system and CART.
A high-resolution map of active promoters in the human genome.
Massively parallel manipulation of single cells and microparticles using optical images.
Light-induced shape-memory polymers.
Carbon losses from all soils across England and Wales 19782003.
Oncogene-induced senescence as an initial barrier in lymphoma development.
Self-similarity of complex networks.
China's environment in a globalizing world.
The S3ion is stable in geological fluids at elevated temperatures and pressures.
Long-range topological order in metallic glass.
A simple, multidimensional approach to high-throughput discovery of catalytic reactions.
A common scaling rule for abundance, energetics, and production of parasitic and free-living species.
Complex diel cycles of gene expression in coral-algal symbiosis.
Promoting the Middle East peace process by changing beliefs about group malleability.
Polarized notum activation at wounds inhibits Wnt function to promote planarian head regeneration.
Human voice recognition depends on language ability.
The surface composition and temperature of asteroid 21 Lutetia as observed by Rosetta/VIRTIS.
Nest inheritance is the missing source of direct fitness in a primitively eusocial insect.
Neuroscience. The threatened brain.
Field leaps forward with new stem cell advances.
A Cretaceous hoofed mammal from India.
Comment on" Organics Captured from Comet 81P/Wild 2 by the Stardust Spacecraft".
On neuroethics.
Scientists tell policymakers we're all warming the world.
Giant fluctuations of Coulomb drag in a bilayer system.
The very-high-energy gamma-ray sky.
Sequence-directed DNA translocation by purified FtsK.
Deep-sea temperature and circulation changes at the Paleocene-Eocene thermal maximum.
Ivory-billed Woodpecker (Campephilus principalis) persists in continental North America.
Nanoscale imaging of buried structures via scanning near-field ultrasound holography.
Crystal structure of the malaria vaccine candidate apical membrane antigen 1.
Slip-rate measurements on the Karakorum fault may imply secular variations in fault motion.
Golgin tethers define subpopulations of COPI vesicles.
Pesticide resistance via transposition-mediated adaptive gene truncation in Drosophila.
Tubulin polyglutamylase enzymes are members of the TTL domain protein family.
Antigen recognition determinants of  T cell receptors.
Abdominal obesity and metabolic syndrome.
Neuronal ensemble control of prosthetic devices by a human with tetraplegia.
A specific amyloid- protein assembly in the brain impairs memory.
Proteome survey reveals modularity of the yeast cell machinery.
Restoring function in exhausted CD8 T cells during chronic viral infection.
Suppression of basal autophagy in neural cells causes neurodegenerative disease in mice.
Mechanisms linking obesity to insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes.
Loss of autophagy in the central nervous system causes neurodegeneration in mice.
Polycomb complexes repress developmental regulators in murine embryonic stem cells.
Channel plasmon subwavelength waveguide components including interferometers and ring resonators.
Formation and subdivision of deformation structures during plastic deformation.
Mutations that increase the life span of C. elegans inhibit tumor growth.
Structure of human urokinase plasminogen activator in complex with its receptor.
A post-perovskite lens and D''heat flux beneath the central Pacific.
A genomewide search for ribozymes reveals an HDV-like sequence in the human CPEB3 gene.
Massive-star supernovae as major dust factories.
Preparation of poly (diiododiacetylene), an ordered conjugated polymer of carbon and iodine.
Neurobiological substrates of dread.
The role of * excited states in the photodissociation of heteroaromatic molecules.
Coevolved crypts and exocrine glands support mutualistic bacteria in fungus-growing ants.
Developing world: Build neuroscience capacity in Africa.
X-domain of peptide synthetases recruits oxygenases crucial for glycopeptide biosynthesis.
Loophole-free Bell inequality violation using electron spins separated by 1.3 kilometres.
No signature of ejecta interaction with a stellar companion in three type Ia supernovae.
Crystal structures of the human adiponectin receptors.
Histone H3. 3 is required for endogenous retroviral element silencing in embryonic stem cells.
The paraventricular thalamus controls a central amygdala fear circuit.
A cytosolic network suppressing mitochondria-mediated proteostatic stress and cell death.
The effect of malaria control on Plasmodium falciparum in Africa between 2000 and 2015.
Regenerating the damaged central nervous system.
Role of NF-B in p53-mediated programmed cell death.
CAP defines a second signalling pathway required for insulin-stimulated glucose transport.
Identification of a vesicular glutamate transporter that defines a glutamatergic phenotype in neurons.
Superoxide dismutase as a target for the selective killing of cancer cells.
Single photons on demand from a single molecule at room temperature.
A small-molecule nitroimidazopyran drug candidate for the treatment of tuberculosis.
Targeted destabilization of HY5 during light-regulated development of Arabidopsis.
Reduced growth of Alaskan white spruce in the twentieth century from temperature-induced drought stress.
The metapopulation capacity of a fragmented landscape.
Attention modulates synchronized neuronal firing in primate somatosensory cortex.
Deacetylation of p53 modulates its effect on cell growth and apoptosis.
Geometric quantum computation using nuclear magnetic resonance.
Changing patterns of infectious disease.
What you see is what you hear..
Electrically induced structure formation and pattern transfer.
A first-order liquidliquid phase transition in phosphorus.
In search of the tumour-suppressor functions of BRCA1 and BRCA2.
Crystal structure of fibroblast growth factor receptor ectodomain bound to ligand and heparin.
Vortex-like excitations and the onset of superconducting phase fluctuation in underdoped La2-xSrxCuO4.
A role for the two-helix finger of the SecA ATPase in protein translocation.
Structural mechanism of WASP activation by the enterohaemorrhagic E. coli effector EspFU.
Genomics: when the smoke clears....
Structural analysis of the essential self-cleaving type III secretion proteins EscU and SpaS.
Developmental biology: neither fat nor flesh.
Evidence of lower-mantle slab penetration phases in plate motions.
Explosive volcanism on the ultraslow-spreading Gakkel ridge, Arctic Ocean.
Physical chemistry: Did life grind to a start?.
Structure of the sulphiredoxinperoxiredoxin complex reveals an essential repair embrace.
Evolutionary origin and development of snake fangs.
Structures of the RNA-guided surveillance complex from a bacterial immune system.
BRCA1 tumour suppression occurs via heterochromatin-mediated silencing.
Superconductor-insulator transition in La2 [thinsp]-[thinsp] xSrxCuO4 at the pair quantum resistance.
Inclusive fitness theory and eusociality.
An siRNA pathway prevents transgenerational retrotransposition in plants subjected to stress.
Hot Jupiters from secular planet-planet interactions.
Membrane protein sequestering by ionic protein-lipid interactions.
A novel recurrent mutation in MITF predisposes to familial and sporadic melanoma.
C4 grasses prosper as carbon dioxide eliminates desiccation in warmed semi-arid grassland.
Sensitivity of coccolithophores to carbonate chemistry and ocean acidification.
Ecosystem energetic implications of parasite and free-living biomass in three estuaries.
The structural basis of protein acetylation by the p300/CBP transcriptional coactivator.
Chiral colloidal clusters.
3.88  structure of cytoplasmic polyhedrosis virus by cryo-electron microscopy.
On the nature of partial agonism in the nicotinic receptor superfamily.
Crystal structure of the polymerase PACPB1N complex from an avian influenza H5N1 virus.
Multi-membrane hydrogels.
Translational control of the innate immune response through IRF-7.
Upper intestinal lipids trigger a gutbrainliver axis to regulate glucose production.
Chromatin decouples promoter threshold from dynamic range.
Epigenetic silencing of tumour suppressor gene p15 by its antisense RNA.
BCRABL1 lymphoblastic leukaemia is characterized by the deletion of Ikaros.
Complete quantum control of a single quantum dot spin using ultrafast optical pulses.
Human metabolic phenotype diversity and its association with diet and blood pressure.
Wiring up quantum systems.
Social diversity promotes the emergence of cooperation in public goods games.
Towards responsible use of cognitive-enhancing drugs by the healthy.
Electric field control of the LaAlO3/SrTiO3 interface ground state.
Pyruvate kinase M2 is a phosphotyrosine-binding protein.
Sae2, Exo1 and Sgs1 collaborate in DNA double-strand break processing.
RNA helicase MUT-14-dependent gene silencing triggered in C. elegans by short antisense RNAs.
Generation and in vitro differentiation of a spermatogonial cell line.
Rapid total destruction of chlorophenols by activated hydrogen peroxide.
A role for the protease falcipain 1 in host cell invasion by the human malaria parasite.
An LRR receptor kinase involved in perception of a peptide plant hormone, phytosulfokine.
Magnetic resonant mode in the single-layer high-temperature superconductor Tl2Ba2CuO6+ .
Sea-level fingerprinting as a direct test for the source of global meltwater pulse IA.
Magnetic superstructure in the two-dimensional quantum antiferromagnet SrCu2 (BO3) 2.
Geomicrobiology: how molecular-scale interactions underpin biogeochemical systems.
Observation of a membrane fusion intermediate structure.
BoseEinstein condensates: microscopic magnetic-field imaging.
Enhanced current transport at grain boundaries in high-T c superconductors.
The Plasmodium protein network diverges from those of other eukaryotes.
Low-latitude seasonality of Cretaceous temperatures in warm and cold episodes.
Forgery:'fingerprinting'documents and packaging.
Planetplanet scattering in the upsilon Andromedae system.
Mid-infrared images of  Pictoris and the possible role of planetesimal collisions in the central disk.
Sheep retrovirus structural protein induces lung tumours.
A powerful bursting radio source towards the Galactic Centre.
Synaesthesia: when coloured sounds taste sweet.
The inhibitory receptor PD-1 regulates IgA selection and bacterial composition in the gut.
The coexistence of superconductivity and topological order in the Bi2Se3 thin films.
Forming a Moon with an Earth-like composition via a giant impact.
Kepler-36: a pair of planets with neighboring orbits and dissimilar densities.
CTD tyrosine phosphorylation impairs termination factor recruitment to RNA polymerase II.
Vesta's shape and morphology.
Crystal structure of the human twopore domain potassium channel K2P1.
Transposable elements, epigenetics, and genome evolution.
Dystroglycan function requires xylosyl-and glucuronyltransferase activities of LARGE.
Global honey bee viral landscape altered by a parasitic mite.
The early Miocene onset of a ventilated circulation regime in the Arctic Ocean.
Categorization of behavioural sequences in the prefrontal cortex.
The human RNA kinase hClp1 is active on 3 transfer RNA exons and short interfering RNAs.
Phase-resolved measurements of stimulated emission in a laser.
Polo inhibits progenitor self-renewal and regulates Numb asymmetry by phosphorylating Pon.
A positive feedback mechanism governs the polarity and motion of motile cilia.
Crystal structure of a human membrane protein involved in cysteinyl leukotriene biosynthesis.
Hagfish embryology with reference to the evolution of the neural crest.
Onset of submarine debris flow deposition far from original giant landslide.
Absolute configuration of chirally deuterated neopentane.
Seven-transmembrane-spanning receptors and heart function.
Short interfering RNA confers intracellular antiviral immunity in human cells.
P75 interacts with the Nogo receptor as a co-receptor for Nogo, MAG and OMgp.
The origin of the anomalous superconducting properties of MgB2.
Atommolecule coherence in a BoseEinstein condensate.
Biodiversity as a barrier to ecological invasion.
RICK/Rip2/CARDIAK mediates signalling for receptors of the innate and adaptive immune systems.
Serotonin1A receptor acts during development to establish normal anxiety-like behaviour in the adult.
Long-term dendritic spine stability in the adult cortex.
Metastasis genes: a progression puzzle.
Solving the Sisyphean problem of malaria in Zanzibar.
The deep social structure of humankind.
Hot electrons cross boundaries.
Studies Point to Possible Contamination in XMRV Findings.
No need to coax monocytes.
Synthetic biology: regulating industry uses of new biotechnologies.
Grass trumps trees with fire.
The response of vegetation on the Andean flank in western Amazonia to Pleistocene climate change.
A midzone-based ruler adjusts chromosome compaction to anaphase spindle length.
Time to adapt to a warming world, but where's the science?.
The shifting balance of diversity among major marine animal groups.
Species selection maintains self-incompatibility.
Small peptides switch the transcriptional activity of Shavenbaby during Drosophila embryogenesis.
An emergent change of phase for electronics.
The substrate of Greatwall kinase, Arpp19, controls mitosis by inhibiting protein phosphatase 2A.
Reprogramming of T cells to natural killerlike cells upon Bcl11b deletion.
Hsp90 and environmental stress transform the adaptive value of natural genetic variation.
An essential developmental checkpoint for production of the T cell lineage.
Stoichiometry and architecture of active DNA replication machinery in Escherichia coli.
How do polar marine ecosystems respond to rapid climate change?.
DNA damage defines sites of recurrent chromosomal translocations in B lymphocytes.
Corticostriatal plasticity is necessary for learning intentional neuroprosthetic skills.
Restoration of auditory evoked responses by human ES-cell-derived otic progenitors.
Rab5 is necessary for the biogenesis of the endolysosomal system in vivo.
Repetitive motor learning induces coordinated formation of clustered dendritic spines in vivo.
Structure of HDAC3 bound to co-repressor and inositol tetraphosphate.
Atmospheric CO2 forces abrupt vegetation shifts locally, but not globally.
A new atmospherically relevant oxidant of sulphur dioxide.
Metabolic phenotyping in clinical and surgical environments.
Catalytic functionalization of unactivated primary CH bonds directed by an alcohol.
Synaptic amplification by dendritic spines enhances input cooperativity.
Teneurins instruct synaptic partner matching in an olfactory map.
Mitochondrial defect drives non-autonomous tumour progression through Hippo signalling in Drosophila.
Impact-activated solidification of dense suspensions via dynamic jamming fronts.
Distinctive space weathering on Vesta from regolith mixing processes.
Accelerated speciation in colour-polymorphic birds.
Universal species-area and endemics-area relationships at continental scales.
Paramutation in Drosophila linked to emergence of a piRNA-producing locus.
Dimensionality of consumer search space drives trophic interaction strengths.
Systematic discovery of structural elements governing stability of mammalian messenger RNAs.
Methyl salicylate is a critical mobile signal for plant systemic acquired resistance.
Emission of coherent THz radiation from superconductors.
Negative refraction at visible frequencies.
High-performance carbon nanotube fiber.
Abraxas and RAP80 form a BRCA1 protein complex required for the DNA damage response.
Thermoelectricity in molecular junctions.
The vaccine adjuvant monophosphoryl lipid A as a TRIF-biased agonist of TLR4.
Nonequilibrium mechanics of active cytoskeletal networks.
Draft genome of the filarial nematode parasite Brugia malayi.
Via freedom to coercion: the emergence of costly punishment.
A meta-analysis of effects of Bt cotton and maize on nontarget invertebrates.
Toward direct measurement of atmospheric nucleation.
Facile splitting of hydrogen and ammonia by nucleophilic activation at a single carbon center.
Microfluidic bubble logic.
Protein Kinase C  and prolyl isomerase 1 regulate mitochondrial effects of the life-span determinant p66Shc.
Food webspecific biomagnification of persistent organic pollutants.
Large magnetic anisotropy of a single atomic spin embedded in a surface molecular network.
Asymmetric inheritance of mother versus daughter centrosome in stem cell division.
Eddy/wind interactions stimulate extraordinary mid-ocean plankton blooms.
Scientific consensus on great quake came too late.
Response to comment on The mechanism for activation of GTP hydrolysis on the ribosome.
Research principles for developing country food value chains.
Viviparity and K-selected life history in a Mesozoic marine plesiosaur (Reptilia, Sauropterygia).
Personalized cancer diagnostics.
Unraveling the perplexing structure of the zeolite SSZ-57.
Happy people live longer.
Identity: Key to children's understanding of belief.
Light-induced structural and functional plasticity in Drosophila larval visual system.
The plant-fungal marketplace.
Basis for structural diversity in homologous RNAs.
Therapeutic vaccines for chronic infections.
Mycobacterial Ku and ligase proteins constitute a two-component NHEJ repair machine.
Electron transfer-induced dynamics of oxygen molecules on the TiO2 (110) surface.
Immunotherapy: bewitched, bothered, and bewildered no more.
Columnar architecture sculpted by GABA circuits in developing cat visual cortex.
A molecular switch and proton wire synchronize the active sites in thiamine enzymes.
Predictive thresholds for plague in Kazakhstan.
Interstitial collagenase is a Brownian ratchet driven by proteolysis of collagen.
Crystal structure of the long-chain fatty acid transporter FadL.
Direct observation of bond formation in solution with femtosecond X-ray scattering.
Teaching: Bury botany's outdated image.
Niche-induced cell death and epithelial phagocytosis regulate hair follicle stem cell pool.
Biomechanics: Boxed up and ready to go.
Linguistics: The ascent of English.
Turning point: Roberto Kolter.
A giant comet-like cloud of hydrogen escaping the warm Neptune-mass exoplanet GJ 436b.
Corrigendum: Ultraviolet radiation accelerates BRAF-driven melanomagenesis by targeting TP53.
New brain cells prompt new theory of depression.
Revealing uncertainties in computer models.
The case for deemphasizing genomics in malaria control.
Taxonomic revival.
Life on snowball Earth.
One hundred years of quantum physics.
Shape persistence of synthetic polymers.
Families sue hospital, scientist for control of Canavan gene.
Further Progress on a -Amyloid vaccine.
The role of GTP-binding protein activity in fast central synaptic transmission.
Inhibition of the prostaglandin-degrading enzyme 15-PGDH potentiates tissue regeneration.
Where is Silicon Valley?.
Proteomics: Diving Deep into Cell Signaling.
High burden and pervasive positive selection of somatic mutations in normal human skin.
Strong water isotopic anomalies in the martian atmosphere: Probing current and ancient reservoirs.
Rh-catalyzed CC bond cleavage by transfer hydroformylation.
Decoding motor imagery from the posterior parietal cortex of a tetraplegic human.
Tara Oceans studies plankton at planetary scale.
Stem cells can sort mitochondria by age.
Engineering of a superhelicase through conformational control.
7SK small nuclear RNA binds to and inhibits the activity of CDK9/cyclin T complexes.
Correlated electrons in -plutonium within a dynamical mean-field picture.
The relationship between fragility, configurational entropy and the potential energy landscape of glass-forming liquids.
The glyoxylate cycle is required for fungal virulence.
Catalysis by hen egg-white lysozyme proceeds via a covalent intermediate.
Structure of the gating domain of a Ca2&plus;-activated K&plus; channel complexed with Ca2&plus;/calmodulin.
B cells acquire antigen from target cells after synapse formation.
Oxygen-isotope evidence from ancient zircons for liquid water at the Earth's surface 4,300 Myr ago.
Water and the Martian landscape.
Sn-zeolite beta as a heterogeneous chemoselective catalyst for BaeyerVilliger oxidations.
A new mammaliaform from the early Jurassic and evolution of mammalian characteristics.
A genomic-systems biology map for cardiovascular function.
Living with genome instability: plant responses to telomere dysfunction.
Selection forces and constraints on retroviral sequence variation.
Origin and environmental setting of ancient agriculture in the lowlands of Mesoamerica.
Interferon--mediated site-specific clearance of alphavirus from CNS neurons.
Requirement of tissue-selective TBP-associated factor TAFII105 in ovarian development.
Toward nanocomputers.
Coordination of a transcriptional switch by HMGI (Y) acetylation.
G protein  subunit-mediated presynaptic inhibition: regulation of exocytotic fusion downstream of Ca2+ entry.
NRMT is an [agr]-N-methyltransferase that methylates RCC1 and retinoblastoma protein.
Structure of the bifunctional isocitrate dehydrogenase kinase/phosphatase.
Biomechanics: Barefoot running strikes back.
Enhancement of superconductivity by pressure-driven competition in electronic order.
Crystal structure of the [agr] 6 [bgr] 6 holoenzyme of propionyl-coenzyme A carboxylase.
Vaccinate before the next pandemic?.
Spectroscopy: expanding versatility.
How is the global green new deal going?.
The role of mentorship in protg performance.
Condensed-matter physics: Single skyrmions spotted.
Characterizing a mammalian circannual pacemaker.
Dissecting the functions of the mammalian clock protein BMAL1 by tissue-specific rescue in mice.
The age of the Taklimakan Desert.
Chronology for the Aegean Late Bronze Age 1700-1400 BC.
Dendritic cell stimulation by mycobacterial Hsp70 is mediated through CCR5.
Editorial retraction.
Pattern formation and shape changes in self-oscillating polymer gels.
Cellular and subcellular structure of Neoproterozoic animal embryos.
Human lineagespecific amplification, selection, and neuronal expression of DUF1220 domains.
PER-TIM interactions in living Drosophila cells: an interval timer for the circadian clock.
Cell dynamics during somite boundary formation revealed by time-lapse analysis.
Recognition and rejection of self in plant reproduction.
Dynamics of depolarization and hyperpolarization in the frontal cortex and saccade goal.
The mass disruption of Oort cloud comets.
Why conservationists should heed Pokmon.
Artificial blood.
A green algal apicoplast ancestor.
Lichen guilds share related cyanobacterial symbionts.
El Nino events recorded by stalagmite carbon isotopes.
An Archean impact layer from the Pilbara and Kaapvaal cratons.
Millennium assessment of human behavior.
X-ray structure of the EmrE multidrug transporter in complex with a substrate.
Subaru telescope observations of Deep Impact.
Genetic tracing shows segregation of taste neuronal circuitries for bitter and sweet.
Energetics of load carrying in Nepalese porters.
The structure of a pH-sensing mycobacterial adenylyl cyclase holoenzyme.
Comment on" Oscillations in NF-B signaling control the dynamics of gene expression".
Geographic control of Titan's mid-latitude clouds.
The pyrite-type high-pressure form of silica.
Displacement above the hypocenter of the 2011 Tohoku-Oki earthquake.
An Aboriginal Australian genome reveals separate human dispersals into Asia.
The global extent and determinants of savanna and forest as alternative biome states.
Universal digital quantum simulation with trapped ions.
AMPK is a direct adenylate charge-regulated protein kinase.
Mammalian genes are transcribed with widely different bursting kinetics.
Heavily doped semiconductor nanocrystal quantum dots.
Organization of intracellular reactions with rationally designed RNA assemblies.
Supracolloidal reaction kinetics of Janus spheres.
Natural aryl hydrocarbon receptor ligands control organogenesis of intestinal lymphoid follicles.
Mineralogy at the extremes.
Astronomy: Extrasolar planets.
Quantum coherence.
Developmental biology: Our fly cousins' gut.
Cuddly animals don't persuade poor people to back conservation.
Biochemistry: Enzymes under the nanoscope.
Solid-state physics: How does your quasicrystal grow?.
Biogeochemistry: Who lives in the sea floor?.
Systems biology: genome rewired.
An inhibitor of NEDD8-activating enzyme as a new approach to treat cancer.
X-ray structure, symmetry and mechanism of an AMPA-subtype glutamate receptor.
Direct reprogramming of human neural stem cells by OCT4.
A super-Earth transiting a nearby low-mass star.
High harmonic interferometry of multi-electron dynamics in molecules.
Nucleotides released by apoptotic cells act as a find-me signal to promote phagocytic clearance.
Systematic RNA interference reveals that oncogenic KRAS-driven cancers require TBK1.
Transcriptome sequencing to detect gene fusions in cancer.
Optomechanical crystals.
Non-blinking semiconductor nanocrystals.
Role of delayed nuclear envelope breakdown and mitosis in Wolbachia-induced cytoplasmic incompatibility.
How surface topography relates to materials' properties.
Helioseismic measurement of solar torsional oscillations.
GPS tracking of foraging albatrosses.
Distinct modes of signal recognition particle interaction with the ribosome.
Cerebellum activation associated with performance change but not motor learning.
Neural correlates for perception of 3D surface orientation from texture gradient.
Mass-independent sulfur of inclusions in diamond and sulfur recycling on early Earth.
Truncating neurotrypsin mutation in autosomal recessive nonsyndromic mental retardation.
The next frontier.
Optical detection of liquid-state NMR.
A TAS1R receptor-based explanation of sweet 'water-taste'.
Homology of arthropod anterior appendages revealed by Hox gene expression in a sea spider.
Sodium-dependent uptake of inorganic phosphate by the intracellular malaria parasite.
Nature: ecosystems without commodifying them.
Hydrology: Water from on high.
Climate science: A sinking feeling.
[C] Corrigendum: A high-mobility electron gas at the LaAlO3/SrTiO3 heterointerface.
Neuroscience: Converting thoughts into action.
Nitrogen balance and Arctic throughflow.
Comment on" Eddy/Wind Interactions Stimulate Extraordinary Mid-Ocean Plankton Blooms".
Polarization of the C. elegans embryo by RhoGAP-mediated exclusion of PAR-6 from cell contacts.
Reimagining cities.
Accurate temperature imaging based on intermolecular coherences in magnetic resonance.
Quantifying coauthor contributions.
The limits of counting: Numerical cognition between evolution and culture.
Regulation of microtubule dynamics by reaction cascades around chromosomes.
Long-range order in electronic transport through disordered metal films.
The structure of a transcribing T7 RNA polymerase in transition from initiation to elongation.
Mars' paleomagnetic field as the result of a single-hemisphere dynamo.
A stable silicon-based allene analogue with a formally sp-hybridized silicon atom.
Genomic function (communication arising): Rate of evolution and gene dispensability.
Rapid body size decline in Alaskan Pleistocene horses before extinction.
Stem cells: Fusion brings down barriers.
Exclusion of germ plasm proteins from somatic lineages by cullin-dependent degradation.
Social hierarchies: size and growth modification in clownfish.
Insect communication: polarized light as a butterfly mating signal.
Laboratory models of the thermal evolution of the mantle during rollback subduction.
Cancer: out of air is not out of action.
Surveillance: Radiographic imaging with cosmic-ray muons.
Anomalous weak magnetism in superconducting YBa2Cu3O6+ x.
Turing-type patterns on electrode surfaces.
Hydrated salt minerals on Ganymede's surface: evidence of an ocean below.
Field-effect modulation of the conductance of single molecules.
Central role of the CNGA4 channel subunit in Ca2+-calmodulin-dependent odor adaptation.
Sterility of Drosophila with mutations in the Bloom syndrome gene--complementation by Ku70.
Genealogical and evolutionary inference with the human Y chromosome.
Stable ordering in Langmuir-Blodgett films.
An extraterrestrial impact at the Permian-Triassic boundary?.
Reducing HIV transmission in developing countries.
IL-21 is required to control chronic viral infection.
Genome-wide identification of human RNA editing sites by parallel DNA capturing and sequencing.
Curved plasma channel generation using ultraintense Airy beams.
Genome sequence, comparative analysis, and population genetics of the domestic horse.
Pulsatile stimulation determines timing and specificity of NF-B-dependent transcription.
AMPK regulates the circadian clock by cryptochrome phosphorylation and degradation.
Genome-wide demethylation of Arabidopsis endosperm.
H2O at the Phoenix landing site.
Character and spatial distribution of OH/H2O on the surface of the Moon seen by M3 on Chandrayaan-1.
Green evolution and dynamic adaptations revealed by genomes of the marine picoeukaryotes Micromonas.
A CRISPR/Cas system mediates bacterial innate immune evasion and virulence.
DNMT1-interacting RNAs block gene-specific DNA methylation.
Flows of gas through a protoplanetary gap.
The projected timing of climate departure from recent variability.
Human MX2 is an interferon-induced post-entry inhibitor of HIV-1 infection.
Sound and heat revolutions in phononics.
Restriction of intestinal stem cell expansion and the regenerative response by YAP.
Cortical interneurons that specialize in disinhibitory control.
Reciprocal regulation of p53 and malic enzymes modulates metabolism and senescence.
Chromatin proteins and modifications as drug targets.
Late Quaternary tectonic evolution of Dun in fault bend/propagated fold system, Garhwal Sub-Himalaya.
Active tectonics of Himalayan frontal thrust and seismic hazard to Ganga Plain.
Measures are not invariant across groups without error variance homogeneity.
Complete mitochondrial DNA sequence of the Atlantic bluefin tuna Thunnus thynnus.
In vitro and in vivo antibacterial activity of shrimp chitosan against some intestinal bacteria.
Growth and uptake kinetics for nitrate, ammonium and phosphate by the toxic dinoflagellate Gymnodinium catenatum isolated from Hiroshima Bay, Japan.
Effects of selective logging on the arboreal ants of a Bornean rainforest.
Numerical investigation of the optimal control rule for decisionmaking in fisheries management.
Impact of diesel vehicular emissions on ambient black carbon concentration at an urban location in India.
Reflectance and color variations on Mercury: Regolith processes and compositional heterogeneity.
Episodic-like memory in rats: is it based on when or how long ago?.
Innate immunity in Caenorhabditis elegans is regulated by neurons expressing NPR-1/GPCR.
The evolution and distribution of species body size.
An alternative menaquinone biosynthetic pathway operating in microorganisms.
Designed protein-protein association.
Structural diversity of sodium.
Germline allele-specific expression of TGFBR1 confers an increased risk of colorectal cancer.
Complex riboswitches.
Relativistic spin precession in the double pulsar.
Efflux-dependent auxin gradients establish the apicalbasal axis of Arabidopsis.
Folding proteins in fatal ways.
Genome-scale approaches to resolving incongruence in molecular phylogenies.
Monkeys reject unequal pay.
Impact of urbanization and land-use change on climate.
Photomechanics: directed bending of a polymer film by light.
GSK-3 regulates production of Alzheimer's disease amyloid- peptides.
The immune response of Drosophila.
Control of osteoblast function and regulation of bone mass.
Structure of the extracellular region of HER2 alone and in complex with the Herceptin Fab.
Observation of all-metal aromatic molecules.
The crystal structure of uncomplexed actin in the ADP state.
Self-assembly of subnanometer-diameter single-wall MoS2 nanotubes.
A decoherence-free quantum memory using trapped ions.
Resonant electron scattering by defects in single-walled carbon nanotubes.
Vitamin C-induced decomposition of lipid hydroperoxides to endogenous genotoxins.
Crystal structure of Arp2/3 complex.
Deposition of conformal copper and nickel films from supercritical carbon dioxide.
Spin chirality, Berry phase, and anomalous Hall effect in a frustrated ferromagnet.
Protein design of an HIV-1 entry inhibitor.
Substitutions near the receptor binding site determine major antigenic change during influenza virus evolution.
Rats and humans can optimally accumulate evidence for decision-making.
Adaptive evolution of multiple traits through multiple mutations at a single gene.
The hidden geometry of complex, network-driven contagion phenomena.
Microscopic evidence for liquid-liquid separation in supersaturated CaCO3 solutions.
Optogenetic dissection of entorhinal-hippocampal functional connectivity.
In situ observations of interstellar plasma with voyager 1.
Emergent sensing of complex environments by mobile animal groups.
BigBrain: an ultrahigh-resolution 3D human brain model.
Quantum back-action of an individual variable-strength measurement.
The influence of Antarctic sea ice on glacialinterglacial CO 2 variations.
XCDT1 is required for the assembly of pre-replicative complexes in Xenopus laevis.
Yeast Sm-like proteins function in mRNA decapping and decay.
Stable germline transformation of the malaria mosquito Anopheles stephensi.
Analysis of an evolutionary speciesarea relationship.
The drive to miniaturization.
Stimulation by ammonium-based fertilizers of methane oxidation in soil around rice roots.
The APC tumour suppressor has a nuclear export function.
A transcription reinitiation intermediate that is stabilized by activator.
Cortex-restricted disruption of NMDAR1 impairs neuronal patterns in the barrel cortex.
Carbon cycle: Fickle trends in the ocean.
Separate name for fungus's sexual stage may cause confusion.
The first decade of science with Chandra and XMM-Newton.
Nitrogen cycle: oceans apart.
Game theory: How to treat those of ill repute.
Invasion biology is a discipline that's too young to die.
Dinosaurs: Fuzzy origins for feathers.
Applied physics: Lasers go nano.
Evidence for escape from adaptive conflict?.
Comment on papers by Evans et al. and Mekel-Bobrov et al. on evidence for positive selection of MCPH1 and ASPM.
Can palm oil plantations come clean?.
Feather quill knobs in the dinosaur Velociraptor.
[C] Surface-conducting diamond.
New worlds on the horizon: Earth-sized planets close to other stars.
Comment on" Impacts of biodiversity loss on ocean ecosystem services".
Origin of the low rigidity of the Earth's inner core.
A Cambrian peak in morphological variation within trilobite species.
The continuing challenge of understanding, preventing, and treating neural tube defects.
Gravity field of the Moon from the Gravity Recovery and Interior Laboratory (GRAIL) mission.
Quantum coherent energy transfer over varying pathways in single light-harvesting complexes.
Beyond stem cells: self-renewal of differentiated macrophages.
Quantitative phosphoproteomics reveal mTORC1 activates de novo pyrimidine synthesis.
Bio-inspired polymer composite actuator and generator driven by water gradients.
Changes in ecologically critical terrestrial climate conditions.
Heterogeneous differentiation patterns of individual CD8+ T cells.
Circadian clock NAD+ cycle drives mitochondrial oxidative metabolism in mice.
Gene transfer from bacteria and archaea facilitated evolution of an extremophilic eukaryote.
Microwave oscillations of a nanomagnet driven by a spin-polarized current.
Attosecond control of electronic processes by intense light fields.
Ultra-high-Q toroid microcavity on a chip.
Protein degradation and protection against misfolded or damaged proteins.
Cd4&plus; t cells are required for secondary expansion and memory in cd8&plus; t lymphocytes.
Genetics of gene expression surveyed in maize, mouse and man.
Genes that act downstream of DAF-16 to influence the lifespan of Caenorhabditis elegans.
Photonic crystal fibres.
Bmi-1 determines the proliferative capacity of normal and leukaemic stem cells.
Reactive oxygen species produced by NADPH oxidase regulate plant cell growth.
The DExH protein NPH-II is a processive and directional motor for unwinding RNA.
Oceanic Cd/P ratio and nutrient utilization in the glacial Southern Ocean.
Genomic circuits and the integrative biology of cardiac diseases.
Payment for labour in monkeys.
Rapid and early export of Phaeocystis antarctica blooms in the Ross Sea, Antarctica.
The -subunit of the coatomer complex binds Cdc42 to mediate transformation.
Reduced North Atlantic Deep Water flux to the glacial Southern Ocean inferred from neodymium isotope ratios.
The cosmic microwave background radiation temperature at a redshift of 2.34.
JOINTLESS is a MADS-box gene controlling tomato flower abscission zone development.
Producerdecomposer co-dependency influences biodiversity effects.
Targets of the cyclin-dependent kinase Cdk1.
Pleistocene homo sapiens from middle awash, ethiopia.
Three-dimensional binary superlattices of magnetic nanocrystals and semiconductor quantum dots.
ATP-dependent reduction of cysteinesulphinic acid by S. cerevisiae sulphiredoxin.
Melanopsin and rodcone photoreceptive systems account for all major accessory visual functions in mice.
Selective gating of visual signals by microstimulation of frontal cortex.
Single-electron transistor of a single organic molecule with access to several redox states.
Redox regulation of protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B involves a sulphenyl-amide intermediate.
Dissociable stages of human memory consolidation and reconsolidation.
A broadband superconducting detector suitable for use in large arrays.
Efficient quantum computing using coherent photon conversion.
The complete biosynthesis of the genetically encoded amino acid pyrrolysine from lysine.
Increased forest ecosystem carbon and nitrogen storage from nitrogen rich bedrock.
COP1 is a tumour suppressor that causes degradation of ETS transcription factors.
Co-directional replication-transcription conflicts lead to replication restart.
Low-Mach-number turbulence in interstellar gas revealed by radio polarization gradients.
Structure and mechanism of the uracil transporter UraA.
Single-molecule fluorescence reveals sequence-specific misfolding in multidomain proteins.
Materials science: Slippery when wetted.
The mechanism of membrane-associated steps in tail-anchored protein insertion.
Common genetic variants modulate pathogen-sensing responses in human dendritic cells.
Fermi-LAT observations of the gamma-ray burst GRB 130427A.
In utero undernourishment perturbs the adult sperm methylome and intergenerational metabolism.
Cryo-EM study of the chromatin fiber reveals a double helix twisted by tetranucleosomal units.
Internalization of Salmonella by macrophages induces formation of nonreplicating persisters.
Lattice light-sheet microscopy: Imaging molecules to embryos at high spatiotemporal resolution.
Dielectric gradient metasurface optical elements.
Visualization of dynamics of single endogenous mRNA labeled in live mouse.
Capturing metastable structures during high-rate cycling of LiFePO4 nanoparticle electrodes.
Conserved class of queen pheromones stops social insect workers from reproducing.
The glucocorticoid receptor: rapid exchange with regulatory sites in living cells.
Down-regulation of the macrophage lineage through interaction with OX2 (CD200).
Inflammation dampened by gelatinase A cleavage of monocyte chemoattractant protein-3.
Structure of the protease domain of memapsin 2 (-secretase) complexed with inhibitor.
Prostaglandin D2 as a mediator of allergic asthma.
Uptake of glutamate into synaptic vesicles by an inorganic phosphate transporter.
A single-molecule study of RNA catalysis and folding.
The ecological risks and benefits of genetically engineered plants.
Survival for immunity: the price of immune system activation for bumblebee workers.
Selective inhibition of NF-B activation by a peptide that blocks the interaction of NEMO with the IB kinase complex.
Reconstitution of the vital functions of Munc18 and Munc13 in neurotransmitter release.
Highly variable El NioSouthern Oscillation throughout the Holocene.
Disparate individual fates compose robust CD8+ T cell immunity.
Direct measurements of conformer-dependent reactivity of the Criegee intermediate CH3CHOO.
27-Hydroxycholesterol links hypercholesterolemia and breast cancer pathophysiology.
Martian fluvial conglomerates at Gale crater.
A tissue-like printed material.
Identification and rescue of -synuclein toxicity in Parkinson patientderived neurons.
Precise maps of RNA polymerase reveal how promoters direct initiation and pausing.
H5N1 hybrid viruses bearing 2009/H1N1 virus genes transmit in guinea pigs by respiratory droplet.
A conserved family of prolyl-4-hydroxylases that modify HIF.
Identification of ubiquitin ligases required for skeletal muscle atrophy.
Crystal structure of the ribosome at 5.5  resolution.
Impairment of the ubiquitin-proteasome system by protein aggregation.
A high-resolution absolute-dated late Pleistocene monsoon record from Hulu Cave, China.
Intracellular functions of N-linked glycans.
Engineering carbon nanotubes and nanotube circuits using electrical breakdown.
Modulation of oscillatory neuronal synchronization by selective visual attention.
Reversal of obesity-and diet-induced insulin resistance with salicylates or targeted disruption of Ikk.
Differentiation of embryonic stem cells to insulin-secreting structures similar to pancreatic islets.
Host-parasite coevolutionary conflict between Arabidopsis and downy mildew.
Tunable nonlocal spin control in a coupled-quantum dot system.
Supramolecular self-assembly of macroscopic tubes.
COX-2-derived prostacyclin confers atheroprotection on female mice.
Acquired dendritic channelopathy in temporal lobe epilepsy.
Illuminating the evolutionary history of chlamydiae.
Dynamics of DNA double-strand breaks revealed by clustering of damaged chromosome domains.
Structure-based assembly of protein complexes in yeast.
Infrared spectroscopic evidence for protonated water clusters forming nanoscale cages.
Borate minerals stabilize ribose.
Wanted: information.
 DNA .
 .
Identification of cis-suppression of human disease mutations by comparative genomics.
Distinct EMT programs control normal mammary stem cells and tumour-initiating cells.
Virology: Journal of the plague years.
Neuroscience: Hot on the trail of temperature processing.
Neurotransmitter and psychostimulant recognition by the dopamine transporter.
Clinical practice: Blood-transfusion decisions not simple.
Genetic modification of the diarrhoeal pathogen Cryptosporidium parvum.
Dopamine responses comply with basic assumptions of formal learning theory.
Many-particle entanglement with BoseEinstein condensates.
Recognition of haemagglutinins on virus-infected cells by NKp46 activates lysis by human NK cells.
Inhibition of JNK activation through NF-B target genes.
Interactive memory systems in the human brain.
Free online availability substantially increases a paper's impact.
Identification of CRE1 as a cytokinin receptor from Arabidopsis.
Purification of a pluripotent neural stem cell from the adult mouse brain.
Complex causes of amphibian population declines.
Locally critical quantum phase transitions in strongly correlated metals.
Dendritic cell maturation triggers retrograde MHC class II transport from lysosomes to the plasma membrane.
HAR1 mediates systemic regulation of symbiotic organ development.
Establishment of developmental precision and proportions in the early Drosophila embryo.
Robustness of the BMP morphogen gradient in Drosophila embryonic patterning.
Protein phosphatase 1 is a molecular constraint on learning and memory.
Dissecting the architecture of a quantitative trait locus in yeast.
Involvement of receptor-interacting protein 2 in innate and adaptive immune responses.
The earliest known eutherian mammal.
An inverted continental Moho and serpentinization of the forearc mantle.
Increasing dominance of large lianas in Amazonian forests.
Artificial muscles from fishing line and sewing thread.
Controlling graphene plasmons with resonant metal antennas and spatial conductivity patterns.
A different form of color vision in mantis shrimp.
Emergent space-time supersymmetry at the boundary of a topological phase.
Emerging approaches, challenges and opportunities in life cycle assessment.
Crystal structure of the CRISPR RNAguided surveillance complex from Escherichia coli.
Fisher information and entanglement of non-Gaussian spin states.
Colloidal nanoparticles as advanced biological sensors.
Long-acting integrase inhibitor protects macaques from intrarectal simian/human immunodeficiency virus.
Effector specialization in a lineage of the Irish potato famine pathogen.
An orbital period of 0.94 days for the hot-Jupiter planet WASP-18b.
The CREB coactivator CRTC2 links hepatic ER stress and fasting gluconeogenesis.
A kiloparsec-scale hyper-starburst in a quasar host less than 1 gigayear after the Big Bang.
Biomaterial systems for mechanosensing and actuation.
Deficiency of a &bgr;-arrestin-2 signal complex contributes to insulin resistance.
Universal transduction scheme for nanomechanical systems based on dielectric forces.
New particle formation in forests inhibited by isoprene emissions.
qiRNA is a new type of small interfering RNA induced by DNA damage.
Design and engineering of an O2 transport protein.
Glaciers as a source of ancient and labile organic matter to the marine environment.
Glacial-interglacial Indian summer monsoon dynamics.
Defeating creationism in the courtroom, but not in the classroom.
Atmospheric blocking and Atlantic multidecadal ocean variability.
Australopithecus sediba at 1.977 Ma and implications for the origins of the genus Homo.
Protecting brains, not simply stimulating minds.
The cell biology of synaptic plasticity.
Model-driven engineering of RNA devices to quantitatively program gene expression.
A DNA damage response screen identifies RHINO, a 9-1-1 and TopBP1 interacting protein required for ATR signaling.
When the world's population took off: the springboard of the Neolithic Demographic Transition.
Action-potential modulation during axonal conduction.
Non-vesicular trafficking by a ceramide-1-phosphate transfer protein regulates eicosanoids.
Proteolytic elimination of N-myristoyl modifications by the Shigella virulence factor IpaJ.
Quasicrystalline structure formation in a classical crystalline thin-film system.
Specialized appendages in fuxianhuiids and the head organization of early euarthropods.
Self-reinforcing impacts of plant invasions change over time.
Deglacial pulses of deep-ocean silicate into the subtropical North Atlantic Ocean.
Structural change in molten basalt at deep mantle conditions.
Usp16 contributes to somatic stem-cell defects in Down/'s syndrome.
LARGE glycans on dystroglycan function as a tunable matrix scaffold to prevent dystrophy.
ZFP36L2 is required for self-renewal of early burst-forming unit erythroid progenitors.
Active site remodelling accompanies thioester bond formation in the SUMO E1.
Chagas disease 101.
A novel and unified two-metal mechanism for DNA cleavage by type II and IA topoisomerases.
Drug discovery: priming the antimalarial pipeline.
Ecological interactions are evolutionarily conserved across the entire tree of life.
Structural basis for the suppression of skin cancers by DNA polymerase [eegr].
The mechanism of sodium and substrate release from the binding pocket of vSGLT.
Polymorphism control of superconductivity and magnetism in Cs3C60 close to the Mott transition.
Migrating tremors illuminate complex deformation beneath the seismogenic San Andreas fault.
Diphthamide biosynthesis requires an organic radical generated by an ironsulphur enzyme.
An expressed pseudogene regulates the messenger-RNA stability of its homologous coding gene.
Detoxification of vinyl chloride to ethene coupled to growth of an anaerobic bacterium.
Dodecahedral space topology as an explanation for weak wide-angle temperature correlations in the cosmic microwave background.
JNK phosphorylates paxillin and regulates cell migration.
Bending-related faulting and mantle serpentinization at the Middle America trench.
Architecture and material properties of diatom shells provide effective mechanical protection.
Transposon silencing in the Caenorhabditis elegans germ line by natural RNAi.
The Srs2 helicase prevents recombination by disrupting Rad51 nucleoprotein filaments.
FKF1 is essential for photoperiodic-specific light signalling in Arabidopsis.
Structure and nucleic-acid binding of the Drosophila Argonaute 2 PAZ domain.
The ligase PIAS1 restricts natural regulatory T cell differentiation by epigenetic repression.
Science education and literacy: imperatives for the developed and developing world.
Heterogeneous accretion and the moderately volatile element budget of Earth.
The fusogen EFF-1 controls sculpting of mechanosensory dendrites.
Block copolymer self-assemblydirected single-crystal homo-and heteroepitaxial nanostructures.
Questions abound in Q-fever explosion in the Netherlands.
Evidence of recent thrust faulting on the Moon revealed by the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter Camera.
Energy's tricky tradeoffs.
Tunable field control over the binding energy of single dopants by a charged vacancy in GaAs.
Cooling energy-hungry data centers.
Hedgehog regulates smoothened activity by inducing a conformational switch.
Performance variability enables adaptive plasticity of 'crystallized'adult birdsong.
RASRAFMEK-dependent oxidative cell death involving voltage-dependent anion channels.
Spin correlations in the electron-doped high-transition-temperature superconductor Nd2-xCexCuO4&dgr.
Antibiotic interactions that select against resistance.
Selection and evolution of enzymes from a partially randomized non-catalytic scaffold.
Semaphorin 7A initiates T-cell-mediated inflammatory responses through &agr; 1&bgr; 1 integrin.
Control of blood cell homeostasis in Drosophila larvae by the posterior signalling centre.
Predicting evolutionary patterns of mammalian teeth from development.
Reconciling complexity with stability in naturally assembling food webs.
Effect of iron supply on Southern Ocean CO2 uptake and implications for glacial atmospheric CO2.
Organoplatinum crystals for gas-triggered switches.
Elastic turbulence in a polymer solution flow.
Rapid evolution of reproductive barriers driven by sexual conflict.
High constitutive activity of native H3 receptors regulates histamine neurons in brain.
Structure of the bacteriophage &phis; 29 DNA packaging motor.
Interaction between Wnt and TGF- signalling pathways during formation of Spemann's organizer.
Cross-modal and cross-temporal association in neurons of frontal cortex.
Detection of geometric phases in superconducting nanocircuits.
Nodal signalling in vertebrate development.
A geometric measure of dark energy with pairs of galaxies.
RNA interference: Homing in on delivery.
Compensatory evolution in mitochondrial tRNAs navigates valleys of low fitness.
Size and albedo of Kuiper belt object 55636 from a stellar occultation.
Carbon cycle: a warm response by soils.
The giant bite of a new raptorial sperm whale from the Miocene epoch of Peru.
Melting above the anhydrous solidus controls the location of volcanic arcs.
Stem cells: Skin regeneration and repair.
eIF5 has GDI activity necessary for translational control by eIF2 phosphorylation.
Ecology: Fish in Lvy-flight foraging.
2010 Maule earthquake slip correlates with pre-seismic locking of Andean subduction zone.
An asymmetric explosion as the origin of spectral evolution diversity in type Ia supernovae.
Early Pleistocene human occupation at the edge of the boreal zone in northwest Europe.
Phosphorylation of histone H3T6 by PKC&bgr; I controls demethylation at histone H3K4.
Mechanism of folding chamber closure in a group II chaperonin.
The mechanism of retroviral integration from X-ray structures of its key intermediates.
Phase-preserving amplification near the quantum limit with a Josephson ring modulator.
Planar cell polarity breaks bilateral symmetry by controlling ciliary positioning.
Start/stop signals emerge in nigrostriatal circuits during sequence learning.
Lateral competition for cortical space by layer-specific horizontal circuits.
Self-medication in animals.
Human influences on nitrogen removal in lakes.
Spatial dynamics of chromosome translocations in living cells.
Erythropoietin derived by chemical synthesis.
The inhibitory circuit architecture of the lateral hypothalamus orchestrates feeding.
Molecular basis of tubulin transport within the cilium by IFT74 and IFT81.
Recent changes in the ventilation of the southern oceans.
Detection of Berry's phase in a bulk Rashba semiconductor.
ATAXIN-2 activates PERIOD translation to sustain circadian rhythms in Drosophila.
Ancient igneous intrusions and early expansion of the Moon revealed by GRAIL gravity gradiometry.
Unconventional Fermi surface in an insulating state.
[C] Increasingly rapid ice sheet melting.
Black hole feedback in the luminous quasar PDS 456.
Quantum versus classical annealing of Ising spin glasses.
Seismicity triggered by fluid injectioninduced aseismic slip.
Persisters unmasked.
Cells acting at the intersection of immunity.
Making small actuators more effective.
Vaccinate for the next H2N2 pandemic now.
Continued clearance of apoptotic cells critically depends on the phagocyte Ucp2 protein.
Measurement of the internal state of a single atom without energy exchange.
Control of Drosophila endocycles by E2F and CRL4CDT2.
Evidence for an oxygen-depleted liquid outer core of the Earth.
Evidence for mechanical coupling and strong Indian lower crust beneath southern Tibet.
Geometrical enhancement of low-field magnetoresistance in silicon.
Climate change: Human influence on rainfall.
Biobanks need publicity.
Melting of the Earth/'s inner core.
An antidepressant that extends lifespan in adult Caenorhabditis elegans.
Functional diversification of closely related ARF-GEFs in protein secretion and recycling.
Sustainable technology: green chemistry.
Low Atlantic hurricane activity in the 1970s and 1980s compared to the past 270 years.
A Hedgehog-and Antennapedia-dependent niche maintains Drosophila haematopoietic precursors.
APOBEC3 inhibits mouse mammary tumour virus replication in vivo.
The amniote primitive streak is defined by epithelial cell intercalation before gastrulation.
Materials science: Reflections on ionic liquids.
The hottest planet.
The structural basis for activation of plant immunity by bacterial effector protein AvrPto.
Autistic-like social behaviour in Shank2-mutant mice improved by restoring NMDA receptor function.
Crystal structure of an orthologue of the NaChBac voltage-gated sodium channel.
Water balance of global aquifers revealed by groundwater footprint.
RNA sequencing of pancreatic circulating tumour cells implicates WNT signalling in metastasis.
Genetic programs constructed from layered logic gates in single cells.
Sustained translational repression by eIF2 [agr]-P mediates prion neurodegeneration.
Neural population dynamics during reaching.
Quantum-dot spin-photon entanglement via frequency downconversion to telecom wavelength.
The genomic landscape of species divergence in Ficedula flycatchers.
Circadian topology of metabolism.
The environmental controls that govern the end product of bacterial nitrate respiration.
The lunar apatite paradox.
Ecological and evolutionary effects of fragmentation on infectious disease dynamics.
A promiscuous intermediate underlies the evolution of LEAFY DNA binding specificity.
Genomic basis for the convergent evolution of electric organs.
Genome interplay in the grain transcriptome of hexaploid bread wheat.
Liquid flow along a solid surface reversibly alters interfacial chemistry.
Tunable fractional quantum Hall phases in bilayer graphene.
Molecular editing of cellular responses by the high-affinity receptor for IgE.
Transverse demagnetization dynamics of a unitary fermi gas.
Optical frequency synthesis and comparison with uncertainty at the 10-19 level.
CD8+ T cell cross-priming via transfer of proteasome substrates.
The complete genome sequence of Propionibacterium acnes, a commensal of human skin.
Disulfide-dependent multimeric assembly of resistin family hormones.
Transgenic RNAi reveals essential function for CTCF in H19 gene imprinting.
Diversification of Ig superfamily genes in an invertebrate.
Abrupt temperature changes in the Western Mediterranean over the past 250,000 years.
Capturing the labile fullerene [50] as C50Cl10.
Dioxygen binds end-on to mononuclear copper in a precatalytic enzyme complex.
The ubiquitin ligase SCFFbw7 antagonizes apoptotic JNK signaling.
The tungsten isotopic composition of the Earth/'s mantle before the terminal bombardment.
Non-natives: 141 scientists object.
Tbx6-dependent Sox2 regulation determines neural or mesodermal fate in axial stem cells.
Neuropsin cleaves EphB2 in the amygdala to control anxiety.
Local charge of the [ngr]= 5/2 fractional quantum Hall state.
Structure and mechanism of the chromatin remodelling factor ISW1a.
Regioselective reactions for programmable resveratrol oligomer synthesis.
Experimental niche evolution alters the strength of the diversity-productivity relationship.
Emerging local Kondo screening and spatial coherence in the heavy-fermion metal YbRh2Si2.
Link between spin fluctuations and electron pairing in copper oxide superconductors.
Two white dwarfs with oxygen-rich atmospheres.
The origin of TH2 responses.
Visualizing the electron scattering force in nanostructures.
Water shortages loom as northern China's aquifers are sucked dry.
Nonthermal current-stimulated desorption of gases from carbon nanotubes.
The climatic signature of incised river meanders.
Sphagnum moss disperses spores with vortex rings.
Evolution of yeast noncoding RNAs reveals an alternative mechanism for widespread intron loss.
What makes a prion infectious?.
A paleoclimatic enigma.
The DNA damage response and cancer therapy.
Highly efficient organic light-emitting diodes from delayed fluorescence.
The Drosophila melanogaster genetic reference panel.
Structure of the human M2 muscarinic acetylcholine receptor bound to an antagonist.
The microcosmos of cancer.
Whole-genome analysis informs breast cancer response to aromatase inhibition.
The global diversity of birds in space and time.
Highly stretchable and tough hydrogels.
Analysis of the bread wheat genome using whole-genome shotgun sequencing.
Probing sporadic and familial Alzheimer/'s disease using induced pluripotent stem cells.
IgH class switching and translocations use a robust non-classical end-joining pathway.
DNA repair is limiting for haematopoietic stem cells during ageing.
Generation of optical 'Schrdinger cats' from photon number states.
Transcriptional coactivator PGC-1&agr; integrates the mammalian clock and energy metabolism.
Habitat modification alters the structure of tropical hostparasitoid food webs.
Resource-use efficiency and plant invasion in low-resource systems.
Correlation between neural spike trains increases with firing rate.
Planning for the future by western scrub-jays.
An experimental test of non-local realism.
Molecular code for transmembrane-helix recognition by the Sec61 translocon.
Rapid and recent changes in fungal fruiting patterns.
Free-drifting icebergs: hot spots of chemical and biological enrichment in the Weddell Sea.
Structure of a site-2 protease family intramembrane metalloprotease.
Synchrony dynamics during initiation, failure, and rescue of the segmentation clock.
The Release 5.1 annotation of Drosophila melanogaster heterochromatin.
Immunization by avian H5 influenza hemagglutinin mutants with altered receptor binding specificity.
Major Australian-Antarctic plate reorganization at Hawaiian-Emperor bend time.
Carbon dioxide activation at the Ni, Fe-cluster of anaerobic carbon monoxide dehydrogenase.
Continuous plasma outflows from the edge of a solar active region as a possible source of solar wind.
A Late Triassic dinosauromorph assemblage from New Mexico and the rise of dinosaurs.
A tidally distorted dwarf galaxy near NGC 4449.
Geometry and scale in species-area relationships.
Perspective: Finding cancer's first principles.
Sex-specific volatile compounds influence microarthropod-mediated fertilization of moss.
Cancer: limitations of therapies exposed.
Science funding: provocative questions in cancer research.
Energy policy: The nuclear landscape.
Mechanics: The forces of cancer.
Sensory biology: Search for the compass needles.
Ocean-fertilization project off Canada sparks furore.
Optimization of virulence functions through glucosylation of Shigella LPS.
Circadian clock control by SUMOylation of BMAL1.
A reversible, unidirectional molecular rotary motor driven by chemical energy.
Late cenozoic moisture history of East Africa.
Open-system coral ages reveal persistent suborbital sea-level cycles.
Micropylar pollen tube guidance by egg apparatus 1 of maize.
Structure of the Quaternary Complex of Interleukin-2 with Its , , and c Receptors.
How visual stimuli activate dopaminergic neurons at short latency.
In situ stable isotope probing of methanogenic archaea in the rice rhizosphere.
Optical imaging of neuronal populations during decision-making.
Schistosomiasis and its treatment.
Towards a China-based flagship international journal.
Root meristematic karyon size: possible new index in the evaluation of plant invasiveness..
Industry Update.
Microfabricated ultra-thin all-polymer thermal ground planes.
The principle of compromise in competition: exploring stability condition of protein folding.
Something old, something new: is praziquantel enough for schistosomiasis control?.
Determination of thailandepsin B in rat plasma with a LC-MS/MS method.
New more polar symmetrical bipyridinic compounds: new strategy for the inhibition of choline kinase 1.
Use of smart designed nanoparticles to impact cancer surgery.
Adapting to Tibet's Thin Air.
Polar lightning and decadal-scale cloud variability on Jupiter.
Virtual reality and telepresence.
Response to comments on A semi-empirical approach to projecting future sea-level rise.
Energetic particles in the Jovian magnetotail.
The brain/education barrier.
[C] Racing to defuse a bacterial time bomb.
[C] Is Internal Timing Key to Mental Health?.
Rapid changes in throughput from single motor cortex neurons to muscle activity.
Tumour-derived PTH-related protein triggers adipose tissue browning and cancer cachexia.
A 400-solar-mass black hole in the galaxy M82.
Caspase-11 activation requires lysis of pathogen-containing vacuoles by IFN-induced GTPases.
A global ocean inventory of anthropogenic mercury based on water column measurements.
Does evolutionary theory need a rethink?.
Cell-cycle-regulated activation of Akt kinase by phosphorylation at its carboxyl terminus.
Pseudouridine profiling reveals regulated mRNA pseudouridylation in yeast and human cells.
A two-fold increase of carbon cycle sensitivity to tropical temperature variations.
A Wolf-Rayet-like progenitor of SN [thinsp] 2013cu from spectral observations of a stellar wind.
Solution-processed, high-performance light-emitting diodes based on quantum dots.
Europe's terrestrial biosphere absorbs 7 to 12% of European anthropogenic CO2 emissions.
Suppression of ovarian follicle activation in mice by the transcription factor Foxo3a.
FACT facilitates transcription-dependent nucleosome alteration.
Angiogenesis-independent endothelial protection of liver: role of VEGFR-1.
Architecture of succinate dehydrogenase and reactive oxygen species generation.
Epidermal viral immunity induced by CD8+ dendritic cells but not by Langerhans cells.
An expanded eukaryotic genetic code.
BRCT repeats as phosphopeptide-binding modules involved in protein targeting.
Structure of the cytochrome b6f complex of oxygenic photosynthesis: tuning the cavity.
Crystal structure of the RC-LH1 core complex from Rhodopseudomonas palustris.
Mouse B-type lamins are required for proper organogenesis but not by embryonic stem cells.
Imaging of Plasmodium liver stages to drive next-generation antimalarial drug discovery.
Helix-rod host-guest complexes with shuttling rates much faster than disassembly.
Suppression of collisional shifts in a strongly interacting lattice clock.
A basal dinosaur from the dawn of the dinosaur era in southwestern Pangaea.
Electrical spiking in Escherichia coli probed with a fluorescent voltage-indicating protein.
Adaptation and evolutionary rescue in metapopulations experiencing environmental deterioration.
The tricarboxylic acid cycle in cyanobacteria.
A molecular mechanism for circadian clock negative feedback.
Large sulfur isotope fractionation does not require disproportionation.
Xpd/Ercc2 regulates CAK activity and mitotic progression.
A hidden pseudogap under the'dome' of superconductivity in electron-doped high-temperature superconductors.
Achromatic Fresnel optics for wideband extreme-ultraviolet and X-ray imaging.
Second cancer case halts gene-therapy trials.
Biomechanics: Are fast-moving elephants really running?.
DNA replication and recombination.
Tissue engineering: The beat goes on.
The effect of aggressiveness on the population dynamics of a territorial bird.
Efficient disruption of small asteroids by Earth's atmosphere.
Uranium series dates from Qesem Cave, Israel, and the end of the Lower Palaeolithic.
Cavity quantum electrodynamics with Anderson-localized modes.
Ceria maintains smaller metal catalyst particles by strong metal-support bonding.
Strontium-doped perovskites rival platinum catalysts for treating NOx in simulated diesel exhaust.
Global convergence in the temperature sensitivity of respiration at ecosystem level.
Targeted investigation of the Neandertal genome by array-based sequence capture.
Nonepitaxial growth of hybrid core-shell nanostructures with large lattice mismatches.
Functional compartmentalization and viewpoint generalization within the macaque face-processing system.
Darwinian evolution of prions in cell culture.
Gamma-ray emission from the shell of supernova remnant W44 revealed by the Fermi LAT.
How the noninflammasome NLRs function in the innate immune system.
Implications for plastic flow in the deep mantle from modelling dislocations in MgSiO3 minerals.
Water vapour and hydrogen in the terrestrial-planet-forming region of a protoplanetary disk.
Cryptomare magmatism 4.35 Gyr ago recorded in lunar meteorite Kalahari 009.
Skew of mantle upwelling beneath the East Pacific Rise governs segmentation.
Crystal structure of T4 endonuclease VII resolving a Holliday junction.
Environmental science: Forests and floods.
No extreme bipolar glaciation during the main Eocene calcite compensation shift.
Initiation of zebrafish haematopoiesis by the TATA-box-binding protein-related factor Trf3.
Biophysics: Quantum path to photosynthesis.
China plans to modernize traditional medicine.
Disruption of the plant gene MOM releases transcriptional silencing of methylated genes.
A one-hit model of cell death in inherited neuronal degenerations.
Cenozoic motion between east and west Antarctica.
Early human occupation of the Red Sea coast of Eritrea during the last interglacial.
Unicellular C4 photosynthesis in a marine diatom.
Impossibility of deleting an unknown quantum state.
Importance of stirring in the development of an iron-fertilized phytoplankton bloom.
Evidence from UTh dating against Northern Hemisphere forcing of the penultimate deglaciation.
Pacific leatherback turtles face extinction.
A tripeptide 'anticodon'deciphers stop codons in messenger RNA.
How 'spin ice'freezes.
Cause of neural death in neurodegenerative diseases attributable to expansion of glutamine repeats.
A superfamily of variant genes encoded in the subtelomeric region of Plasmodium vivax.
Cryptic evolution in a wild bird population.
Direct observation of DNA rotation during transcription by Escherichia coli RNA polymerase.
Fossil evidence of water lilies (Nymphaeales) in the Early Cretaceous.
Pulmonary nitric oxide in mountain dwellers.
Evidence for planet engulfment by the star HD82943.
Covalent inhibition revealed by the crystal structure of the caspase-8/p35 complex.
A new role for cryptochrome in a Drosophila circadian oscillator.
Interstitial dendritic cell guidance by haptotactic chemokine gradients.
Time scales of critical events around the Cretaceous-Paleogene boundary.
Amplifying genetic logic gates.
Direct evidence of a dinuclear copper intermediate in Cu (I)-catalyzed azide-alkyne cycloadditions.
Detection of carbon monoxide and water absorption lines in an exoplanet atmosphere.
Comparative analysis of bat genomes provides insight into the evolution of flight and immunity.
Observation of radiation pressure shot noise on a macroscopic object.
Cytoplasmic LPS activates caspase-11: implications in TLR4-independent endotoxic shock.
Antiviral RNA interference in mammalian cells.
Olefin cyclopropanation via carbene transfer catalyzed by engineered cytochrome P450 enzymes.
ESCRT-III controls nuclear envelope reformation.
Evolution of Darwin/'s finches and their beaks revealed by genome sequencing.
An Arabidopsis gene regulatory network for secondary cell wall synthesis.
A very luminous magnetar-powered supernova associated with an ultra-long [ggr]-ray burst.
Population genomics of Bronze Age Eurasia.
Function and information content of DNA methylation.
Group 2 innate lymphoid cells promote beiging of white adipose tissue and limit obesity.
[C] CRISPR, the disruptor..
Large heterogeneities in comet 67P as revealed by active pits from sinkhole collapse.
Human body epigenome maps reveal noncanonical DNA methylation variation.
Using texts in science education: Cognitive processes and knowledge representation.
PiggyBac transposon mutagenesis: a tool for cancer gene discovery in mice.
Increasing food and ecosystem security through perennial grain breeding.
Topology links RNA secondary structure with global conformation, dynamics, and adaptation.
Cryo-EM model of the bullet-shaped vesicular stomatitis virus.
A determination of the cloud feedback from climate variations over the past decade.
A nodule-specific protein secretory pathway required for nitrogen-fixing symbiosis.
Ku70 corrupts DNA repair in the absence of the Fanconi anemia pathway.
RIGorous detection: exposing virus through RNA sensing.
Symbiotic bacterium modifies aphid body color.
Crystal structure of the CorA Mg2&plus; transporter.
Space geodesy: Subsidence and flooding in New Orleans.
Controlled multiple reversals of a ratchet effect.
Evolution of alternative transcriptional circuits with identical logic.
Fisheries: deep-sea fishes qualify as endangered.
Accretion of the Earth and segregation of its core.
Topical drug rescue strategy and skin protection based on the role of Mc1r in UV-induced tanning.
Complex social behaviour derived from maternal reproductive traits.
Structure of the catalytic domain of the hepatitis C virus NS2-3 protease.
The circumsporozoite protein is an immunodominant protective antigen in irradiated sporozoites.
Modeling armed conflicts.
Wnt Regulates TERTPutting the Horse Before the Cart.
Corals chemically cue mutualistic fishes to remove competing seaweeds.
Tapping into the wisdom of the crowdwith confidence.
Strategy-dependent encoding of planned arm movements in the dorsal premotor cortex.
A golden era of Nobel Laureates.
Downsizing the deep biosphere.
Learning how to not make your own earthquakes.
Dynamic causes of the relation between area and age of the ocean floor.
Implementing the new US dual-use policy.
Structural basis for molecular recognition of folic acid by folate receptors.
Ultrafast endocytosis at mouse hippocampal synapses.
The/obligate diploid/'Candida albicans forms mating-competent haploids.
An Earth-sized planet with an Earth-like density.
Spatial organization within a niche as a determinant of stem-cell fate.
Scholarship: Beyond the paper.
Adrenaline-activated structure of [bgr] 2-adrenoceptor stabilized by an engineered nanobody.
Microbial production of short-chain alkanes.
Bounding the pseudogap with a line of phase transitions in YBa2Cu3O6+ [dgr].
Studies of pear-shaped nuclei using accelerated radioactive beams.
De-extinction: A behemoth revived.
Pacific western boundary currents and their roles in climate.
Theileria parasites secrete a prolyl isomerase to maintain host leukocyte transformation.
Th17 cells transdifferentiate into regulatory T cells during resolution of inflammation.
Global exchange and accumulation of non-native plants.
High-energy physics: Proton smasher spots rare particle decays.
Real-time observation of the initiation of RNA polymerase II transcription.
Universal Fermi liquid crossover and quantum criticality in a mesoscopic system.
Palaeoclimate: Monsoon matters.
Promoting convergence in biomedical science.
The neural basis of intuitive best next-move generation in board game experts.
Teachers' language practices and academic outcomes of preschool children.
Out of Tibet: Pliocene woolly rhino suggests high-plateau origin of Ice Age megaherbivores.
Relationship between clinical signs and transmission of an infectious disease and the implications for control.
Tomography of reaction-diffusion microemulsions reveals three-dimensional Turing patterns.
Kinetic isotope effects for the reactions of muonic helium and muonium with H2.
Residue-specific vibrational echoes yield 3D structures of a transmembrane helix dimer.
Selective attention from voluntary control of neurons in prefrontal cortex.
The intraepithelial T cell response to NKG2D-ligands links lymphoid stress surveillance to atopy.
Deformation of nanostructures.
Distinguishing inchworm and hand-over-hand processive kinesin movement by neck rotation measurements.
Defining the" S" in SERMs.
Alternative splicing and neuritic mRNA translocation under long-term neuronal hypersensitivity.
Generating and exploiting polarity in bacteria.
An essential role of N-terminal arginylation in cardiovascular development.
Sex-biased hatching order and adaptive population divergence in a passerine bird.
Covariation of synaptonemal complex length and mammalian meiotic exchange rates.
SIVcpz in wild chimpanzees.
The jasmonate pathway.
Roll up for the revolution.
Force can overcome object geometry in the perception of shape through active touch.
Sex-biased dispersal of great white sharks.
Drosophila Stardust is a partner of Crumbs in the control of epithelial cell polarity.
Testing Hamilton's rule with competition between relatives.
Hybridization and adaptive mate choice in flycatchers.
Wolbachia-induced incompatibility precedes other hybrid incompatibilities in Nasonia.
Transmission potential of smallpox in contemporary populations.
The status of Wnt signalling regulates neural and epidermal fates in the chick embryo.
Hedgehog acts as a somatic stem cell factor in the Drosophila ovary.
Chromospheric anemone jets as evidence of ubiquitous reconnection.
Southern hemisphere and deep-sea warming led deglacial atmospheric CO2 rise and tropical warming.
International conservation policy delivers benefits for birds in Europe.
Explaining the relation between birth order and intelligence.
Feeding a hungry world.
Fast routing in road networks with transit nodes.
Polony multiplex analysis of gene expression (PMAGE) in mouse hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
Soft X-ray-driven femtosecond molecular dynamics.
Water catalysis of a radical-molecule gas-phase reaction.
A synthetic lectin analog for biomimetic disaccharide recognition.
Physical model for the decay and preservation of marine organic carbon.
Domain architecture of pyruvate carboxylase, a biotin-dependent multifunctional enzyme.
A proposal for a decade of the mind initiative.
Toward a high-resolution view of nuclear dynamics.
Antibody class switching mediated by yeast endonuclease-generated DNA breaks.
Mitochondrial DNA as a genomic jigsaw puzzle.
Global prevalence of double Benioff zones.
Comment on" A semi-empirical approach to projecting future sea-level rise".
Gametes from embryonic stem cells: a cup half empty or half full?.
A high-velocity black hole on a Galactic-halo orbit in the solar neighbourhood.
Carrying large fuel loads during sustained bird flight is cheaper than expected.
Hemispherical variations in seismic velocity at the top of the Earth's inner core.
The homeobox gene lim-6 is required for distinct chemosensory representations in C. elegans.
Dyslexia: Talk of two theories.
Discovery of three lead-rich stars.
Human presence in the European Arctic nearly 40,000 years ago.
Neanderthal DNA: not just old but old and cold?.
Single nucleotide polymorphisms: From the evolutionary past....
The jamming route to the glass state in weakly perturbed granular media.
A coherent beam splitter for electronic spin states.
Gravity field, shape, and moment of inertia of Titan.
Contribution of semi-arid forests to the climate system.
Pathogenicity determinants in smut fungi revealed by genome comparison.
Partitioning of histone H3-H4 tetramers during DNA replicationdependent chromatin assembly.
The CRAC channel activator STIM1 binds and inhibits L-type voltage-gated calcium channels.
Alleviating neuropathic pain hypersensitivity by inhibiting PKM in the anterior cingulate cortex.
Effect of ocean acidification on iron availability to marine phytoplankton.
Mechanosensitive self-replication driven by self-organization.
Individuals and the variation needed for high species diversity in forest trees.
Floral iridescence, produced by diffractive optics, acts as a cue for animal pollinators.
Natural quasicrystals.
Wingbeat time and the scaling of passive rotational damping in flapping flight.
Proteasomal regulation of the hypoxic response modulates aging in C. elegans.
Elevated CO2 enhances otolith growth in young fish.
AG proteincoupled receptor is essential for Schwann cells to initiate myelination.
Activation of the PI3K pathway in cancer through inhibition of PTEN by exchange factor P-REX2a.
A self-regulatory system of interlinked signaling feedback loops controls mouse limb patterning.
A Contemporary Microbially Maintained Subglacial Ferrous" Ocean".
Restoration of ecosystem services for environmental markets.
Light-cone-like spreading of correlations in a quantum many-body system.
An anatomically comprehensive atlas of the adult human brain transcriptome.
Closing yield gaps through nutrient and water management.
Oligodendroglia metabolically support axons and contribute to neurodegeneration.
Little change in global drought over the past 60 years.
Structure of the nociceptin/orphanin FQ receptor in complex with a peptide mimetic.
DNA breaks and chromosome pulverization from errors in mitosis.
Systematic variation of the stellar initial mass function in early-type galaxies.
Dissecting the genomic complexity underlying medulloblastoma.
Insights into hominid evolution from the gorilla genome sequence.
Sexual selection protects against extinction.
Social media: A network boost.
Erratum: Deconstructing transcriptional heterogeneity in pluripotent stem cells.
Basin-scale transport of hydrothermal dissolved metals across the South Pacific Ocean.
Questioning evidence of group selection in spiders.
[C] Lab training: Undergraduate research in action.
Plant science: Precision positioning with peptides.
The terrestrial uranium isotope cycle.
Evolution of the new vertebrate head by co-option of an ancient chordate skeletal tissue.
Loss of [dgr]-catenin function in severe autism.
Detection and replication of epistasis influencing transcription in humans.
Skilled reaching relies on a V2a propriospinal internal copy circuit.
Domains of genome-wide gene expression dysregulation in Down/'s syndrome.
Aspergillomarasmine A overcomes metallo-[bgr]-lactamase antibiotic resistance.
Broad and potent HIV-1 neutralization by a human antibody that binds the gp41-gp120 interface.
Ultrafast X-ray probing of water structure below the homogeneous ice nucleation temperature.
Protective mucosal immunity mediated by epithelial CD1d and IL-10.
Bidirectional switch of the valence associated with a hippocampal contextual memory engram.
Genome-wide dissection of the quorum sensing signalling pathway in Trypanosoma brucei.
Quantitative proteomics identifies NCOA4 as the cargo receptor mediating ferritinophagy.
The fastest unbound star in our Galaxy ejected by a thermonuclear supernova.
Escape by dilution.
An arboreal docodont from the Jurassic and mammaliaform ecological diversification.
A way to induce quantum stability.
Exposure to ideologically diverse news and opinion on Facebook.
Dynamic profiling of the protein life cycle in response to pathogens.
Inching toward the 3D genome.
Living supramolecular polymerization.
An optogenetic tool to silence neurons.
Reduced vaccination and the risk of measles and other childhood infections post-Ebola.
Global diets link environmental sustainability and human health.
A faster Rubisco with potential to increase photosynthesis in crops.
Oncogene ablation-resistant pancreatic cancer cells depend on mitochondrial function.
The performance and potential of protected areas.
Self-assembly of hydrogen-bonded two-dimensional quasicrystals.
Structural rearrangements of a polyketide synthase module during its catalytic cycle.
Structural basis of lentiviral subversion of a cellular protein degradation pathway.
Programmable RNA recognition and cleavage by CRISPR/Cas9.
Pleistocene cave art from Sulawesi, Indonesia.
A signature of transience in bedrock river incision rates over timescales of 104-107 years.
Theory Untangles the High-Resolution Infrared Spectrum of the ortho-H2-CO van der Waals Complex.
Pinning down the water hexamer.
Sub-nanosized gold catalysts.
Good news for European vultures.
The fern sporangium: a unique catapult..
Nucleosomes suppress spontaneous mutations base-specifically in eukaryotes.
Deformations within moving kinetochores reveal different sites of active and passive force generation.
Disulfide rearrangement triggered by translocon assembly controls lipopolysaccharide export.
Ancient Maya Astronomical Tables from Xultun, Guatemala.
Self-terminating growth of platinum films by electrochemical deposition.
Genetic analysis of variation in transcription factor binding in yeast.
Ku is a 5-dRP/AP lyase that excises nucleotide damage near broken ends.
A mechanically stabilized receptor-ligand flex-bond important in the vasculature.
Slip-stick and the evolution of frictional strength.
Functional connectivity in the retina at the resolution of photoreceptors.
Linking dwarf galaxies to halo building blocks with the most metal-poor star in Sculptor.
Animal cryptochromes mediate magnetoreception by an unconventional photochemical mechanism.
Systemic signals regulate ageing and rejuvenation of blood stem cell niches.
Replacing underperforming protected areas achieves better conservation outcomes.
A redox switch in angiotensinogen modulates angiotensin release.
Protein kinase C- mediates negative feedback on regulatory T cell function.
An allosteric self-splicing ribozyme triggered by a bacterial second messenger.
Beyond clotting: the powers of platelets.
Highly mobile gapless excitations in a two-dimensional candidate quantum spin liquid.
FAN1 acts with FANCI-FANCD2 to promote DNA interstrand cross-link repair.
Integrative modeling defines the Nova splicing-regulatory network and its combinatorial controls.
Design of polymethine dyes with large third-order optical nonlinearities and loss figures of merit.
Evasion of CD8+ T cells is critical for superinfection by cytomegalovirus.
Nanoscale three-dimensional patterning of molecular resists by scanning probes.
Visualizing critical correlations near the metal-insulator transition in Ga1-xMnxAs.
TRIM24 links a non-canonical histone signature to breast cancer.
Electron liquids and solids in one dimension.
Research on global sun block needed now.
Fossilized melanosomes and the colour of Cretaceous dinosaurs and birds.
A methyl transferase links the circadian clock to the regulation of alternative splicing.
Presynaptic activity regulates Na+ channel distribution at the axon initial segment.
HIF-1 antagonizes p53-mediated apoptosis through a secreted neuronal tyrosinase.
Small regulatory RNAs inhibit RNA polymerase II during the elongation phase of transcription.
An aspartyl protease directs malaria effector proteins to the host cell.
Stepwise [lsqb] FeFe [rsqb]-hydrogenase H-cluster assembly revealed in the structure of HydA [Dgr] EFG.
Compositional engineering of perovskite materials for high-performance solar cells.
Structural and functional features of central nervous system lymphatic vessels.
A new antibiotic kills pathogens without detectable resistance.
Precision microbiome reconstitution restores bile acid mediated resistance to Clostridium difficile.
Genetic and epigenetic fine mapping of causal autoimmune disease variants.
Comprehensive genomic characterization of head and neck squamous cell carcinomas.
Genetic studies of body mass index yield new insights for obesity biology.
Tissue-resident macrophages originate from yolk-sac-derived erythro-myeloid progenitors.
The geographical distribution of fossil fuels unused when limiting global warming to 2 [deg] C.
Integrative analysis of 111 reference human epigenomes.
Earth's core and the geodynamo.
Requirement for DARPP-32 in progesterone-facilitated sexual receptivity in female rats and mice.
Change in the probability for earthquakes in southern California due to the Landers magnitude 7.3 earthquake.
Relation between population density and body size in stream communities.
Beyond gedanken experiments.
Radio science results during the NEAR-Shoemaker spacecraft rendezvous with Eros.
Raman spectroscopy of iron to 152 gigapascals: Implications for Earth's inner core.
The global drug gap.
Cool glacial temperatures and changes in moisture source recorded in Oman groundwaters.
Long-term survival but impaired homeostatic proliferation of naive T cells in the absence of p56lck.
History of trace gases in presolar diamonds inferred from ion-implantation experiments.
No need to worry about the future.
The regeneration gap.
Motion direction, speed and orientation in binocular matching.
Carbon cycle: the roots of the matter.
Immunology: telling the brain about pain.
Tumour biology (Communication arising): Weakening link to colorectal cancer?.
A phenomenological model for precursor volcanic eruptions.
Human genetics: tackling common disease.
Geoengineering.
Major gradients in putatively nitrifying and non-nitrifying Archaea in the deep North Atlantic.
Emergence of preformed Cooper pairs from the doped Mott insulating state in Bi2Sr2CaCu2O8+ &dgr.
An asymmetric distribution of positrons in the Galactic disk revealed by &ggr;-rays.
Acetylcholine contributes through muscarinic receptors to attentional modulation in V1.
Quantum oscillations in an overdoped high-Tc superconductor.
The cohesin ring concatenates sister DNA molecules.
Neural substrates of vocalization feedback monitoring in primate auditory cortex.
Medieval forewarning of the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami in Thailand.
The deubiquitinylation and localization of PTEN are regulated by a HAUSPPML network.
RNA toxicity is a component of ataxin-3 degeneration in Drosophila.
Reaction of O2 with subsurface oxygen vacancies on TiO2 anatase (101).
Spin-optical metamaterial route to spin-controlled photonics.
Crystal structure of NLRC4 reveals its autoinhibition mechanism.
Electron acceleration in the heart of the Van Allen radiation belts.
mTORC1 phosphorylation sites encode their sensitivity to starvation and rapamycin.
A stringent limit on a drifting proton-to-electron mass ratio from alcohol in the early universe.
Morals and markets.
Oscillatory control of factors determining multipotency and fate in mouse neural progenitors.
A neural circuit for memory specificity and generalization.
Emergence of individuality in genetically identical mice.
A matter of dosage.
Formation of stable chlorinated hydrocarbons in weathering plant material.
Self-representation in nervous systems.
Generation of an LFA-1 antagonist by the transfer of the ICAM-1 immunoregulatory epitope to a small molecule.
Fatigue failure in polysilicon not due to simple stress corrosion cracking.
MAP kinase signaling specificity.
Formation of immiscible alloy powders with egg-type microstructure.
Two-dimensional x-ray waveguides and point sources.
Microbial activity at gigapascal pressures.
Theoretical study of the validity of the Born-Oppenheimer approximation in the Cl+ H2 HCl+ H reaction.
The changing carbon cycle of the coastal ocean.
A multi-directional backlight for a wide-angle, glasses-free three-dimensional display.
Observation of trapped light within the radiation continuum.
Receptor binding by a ferret-transmissible H5 avian influenza virus.
Extensive transcriptional heterogeneity revealed by isoform profiling.
Functional interaction between autophagy and ciliogenesis.
Polymerase IV occupancy at RNA-directed DNA methylation sites requires SHH1.
Heavy solitons in a fermionic superfluid.
The true cost of science publishing.
Drug discovery: a jump-start for electroceuticals.
Structural basis for retroviral integration into nucleosomes.
Structural integration in hypoxia-inducible factors.
The crystallography of correlated disorder.
Nature Index 2015 Asia-Pacific.
Facts and fancies about early fossil chordates and vertebrates.
Recursive splicing in long vertebrate genes.
The formation of submillimetre-bright galaxies from gas infall over a billion years.
Viraemia suppressed in HIV-1-infected humans by broadly neutralizing antibody 3BNC117.
Building the foundation for genomics in precision medicine.
Redox rhythm reinforces the circadian clock to gate immune response.
TH17 cell differentiation is regulated by the circadian clock.
The evolution of social monogamy in mammals.
Distinguishable epidemics of multidrug-resistant Salmonella Typhimurium DT104 in different hosts.
3D computational imaging with single-pixel detectors.
Long-term dynamics of adaptation in asexual populations.
Molecular mechanism for plant steroid receptor activation by somatic embryogenesis co-receptor kinases.
Global patterns of groundwater table depth.
Single-cell metabolomics: analytical and biological perspectives.
Tuning selectivity in propylene epoxidation by plasmon mediated photo-switching of Cu oxidation state.
R-loop stabilization represses antisense transcription at the Arabidopsis FLC locus.
Transcribed enhancers lead waves of coordinated transcription in transitioning mammalian cells.
MicroRNAs silence the noisy genome.
Volume loss from Antarctic ice shelves is accelerating.
Economic reasoning and artificial intelligence.
Circuit-specific signaling in astrocyte-neuron networks in basal ganglia pathways.
Geoscientists aim to magnify specialized Web searching.
Solving imperfect-information games.
Ebola virus vaccine candidate.
Temperate forest health in an era of emerging megadisturbance.
Gas phase observation and microwave spectroscopic characterization of formic sulfuric anhydride.
A Werner syndrome stem cell model unveils heterochromatin alterations as a driver of human aging.
An ultrathin invisibility skin cloak for visible light.
Hydrologic connectivity constrains partitioning of global terrestrial water fluxes.
SARM1 activation triggers axon degeneration locally via NAD+ destruction.
Neutrophil extracellular traps license macrophages for cytokine production in atherosclerosis.
Abuse from generation to generation?.
Dawn of the dog.
Switching transcription and replication.
The future of immune checkpoint therapy.
Array-based electrical detection of DNA with nanoparticle probes.
Regulation of heterochromatic silencing and histone H3 lysine-9 methylation by RNAi.
Tissue engineering--current challenges and expanding opportunities.
Soil fertility and biodiversity in organic farming.
The genome sequence of the malaria mosquito Anopheles gambiae.
Third-generation biomedical materials.
Phototransduction by retinal ganglion cells that set the circadian clock.
Determination of deforestation rates of the world's humid tropical forests.
Beaming light from a subwavelength aperture.
Projection of an immunological self shadow within the thymus by the aire protein.
Abundance and diversity of microbial life in ocean crust.
Genetic evidence that FGFs have an instructive role in limb proximaldistal patterning.
A systematic look at an old problem.
Deficiency in catechol-O-methyltransferase and 2-methoxyoestradiol is associated with pre-eclampsia.
Extinction risk depends strongly on factors contributing to stochasticity.
The search for new cardiovascular biomarkers.
Quantum phase transition in a single-molecule quantum dot.
Assembly reflects evolution of protein complexes.
Structural basis for the regulated protease and chaperone function of DegP.
Opposing effects of polyglutamine expansion on native protein complexes contribute to SCA1.
A membrane protein complex mediates retro-translocation from the ER lumen into the cytosol.
Regulation of oxidative stress by ATM is required for self-renewal of haematopoietic stem cells.
Superconductivity in diamond.
Magnetic phase control by an electric field.
Emergence of cooperation and evolutionary stability in finite populations.
Lessons from natural molecules.
Mangroves enhance the biomass of coral reef fish communities in the Caribbean.
A resource for large-scale RNA-interference-based screens in mammals.
Metal wires for terahertz wave guiding.
Long-term decline in krill stock and increase in salps within the Southern Ocean.
Neurolinguistics: structural plasticity in the bilingual brain.
Chemical space and biology.
Structural basis for overhang-specific small interfering RNA recognition by the PAZ domain.
Transmissibility of 1918 pandemic influenza.
Regulation of p53 activity through lysine methylation.
Identification of the gene for vitamin K epoxide reductase.
High-energy particle acceleration in the shell of a supernova remnant.
The role of RNA interference in heterochromatic silencing.
Calcium transients in astrocyte endfeet cause cerebrovascular constrictions.
Lung cancer: intragenic ERBB2 kinase mutations in tumours.
A genetically encoded photoactivatable Rac controls the motility of living cells.
Function and biogenesis of ironsulphur proteins.
Direct inhibition of the NOTCH transcription factor complex.
Syk kinase signalling couples to the Nlrp3 inflammasome for anti-fungal host defence.
The Listeria transcriptional landscape from saprophytism to virulence.
Enhancing CD8 T-cell memory by modulating fatty acid metabolism.
Evolution of pathogenicity and sexual reproduction in eight Candida genomes.
Architecture and secondary structure of an entire HIV-1 RNA genome.
Prominin 1 marks intestinal stem cells that are susceptible to neoplastic transformation.
A picogram-and nanometre-scale photonic-crystal optomechanical cavity.
Cytosolic Viral Sensor RIG-I Is a 5'-TriphosphateDependent Translocase on Double-Stranded RNA.
Rapid and accurate large-scale coestimation of sequence alignments and phylogenetic trees.
A role for RNAi in the selective correction of DNA methylation defects.
Serotonin mediates behavioral gregarization underlying swarm formation in desert locusts.
The computation of social behavior.
Microsecond simulations of spontaneous methane hydrate nucleation and growth.
Formation of compositionally abrupt axial heterojunctions in silicon-germanium nanowires.
Digital soil map of the world.
Complete resequencing of 40 genomes reveals domestication events and genes in silkworm (Bombyx).
Optimizing influenza vaccine distribution.
Molecular signatures of G-protein-coupled receptors.
Natural RNA circles function as efficient microRNA sponges.
Ultrasensitive fluorescent proteins for imaging neuronal activity.
Circular RNAs are a large class of animal RNAs with regulatory potency.
Porous materials with optimal adsorption thermodynamics and kinetics for CO2 separation.
Photonic Floquet topological insulators.
Comprehensive molecular characterization of clear cell renal cell carcinoma.
Richness of human gut microbiome correlates with metabolic markers.
Structural and molecular interrogation of intact biological systems.
Analysis of 6,515 exomes reveals the recent origin of most human protein-coding variants.
Fluid particle accelerations in fully developed turbulence.
Plastic transistors in active-matrix displays.
An anorexic lipid mediator regulated by feeding.
Arthropod phylogeny based on eight molecular loci and morphology.
Genetic evidence for Near-Eastern origins of European cattle.
Potassium channel receptor site for the inactivation gate and quaternary amine inhibitors.
CD45 is a JAK phosphatase and negatively regulates cytokine receptor signalling.
Adaptive regulation of neuronal excitability by a voltage-independent potassium conductance.
Liquid marbles.
A glia-derived acetylcholine-binding protein that modulates synaptic transmission.
Young organic matter as a source of carbon dioxide outgassing from Amazonian rivers.
Mitf cooperates with Rb1 and activates p21Cip1 expression to regulate cell cycle progression.
Laser technology: Source of coherent kiloelectronvolt X-rays.
Endonucleolytic processing of covalent protein-linked DNA double-strand breaks.
Astronomical pacing of late Palaeocene to early Eocene global warming events.
Heat activation of TRPM5 underlies thermal sensitivity of sweet taste.
Deficiency of glutaredoxin 5 reveals FeS clusters are required for vertebrate haem synthesis.
Global estimate of aerosol direct radiative forcing from satellite measurements.
Drug discovery: playing dirty.
Spike-timing-dependent synaptic plasticity depends on dendritic location.
Revealing the dark matter of the genome.
The ecological significance of tool use in New Caledonian crows.
African Green Revolution needn't be a mirage.
Will Deepwater Horizon set a new standard for catastrophe?.
Signaling through cooperation.
Electron-like scattering of positronium.
Stable isotope measurements of martian atmospheric CO2 at the Phoenix landing site.
Farewell to fossil fuels?.
Formation of Iapetus' extreme albedo dichotomy by exogenically triggered thermal ice migration.
The thermodynamics of the elusive HO3 Radical.
Formation of recent Martian gullies through melting of extensive water-rich snow deposits.
Coupling of agonist binding to channel gating in the GABAA receptor.
Microbial pathogenesis and cytoskeletal function.
Unusually large earthquakes inferred from tsunami deposits along the Kuril trench.
Selectivity in vibrationally mediated single-molecule chemistry.
Topography and synaptic shaping of direction selectivity in primary auditory cortex.
MDC1 is coupled to activated CHK2 in mammalian DNA damage response pathways.
The Wnt/-catenin pathway regulates cardiac valve formation.
Reductive dehalogenation of chlorinated dioxins by an anaerobic bacterium.
Ultrafast terahertz probes of transient conducting and insulating phases in an electronhole gas.
Palaeoanthropology: hominid revelations from Chad.
Propagation of the polyamorphic transition of ice and the liquidliquid critical point.
Sequence of Plasmodium falciparum chromosomes 1, 39 and 13.
A component of the ARC/Mediator complex required for TGF/Nodal signalling.
Energetic landscape of -lytic protease optimizes longevity through kinetic stability.
Chromosome-wide SNPs reveal an ancient origin for Plasmodium falciparum.
Social behaviour: Mexican waves in an excitable medium.
Visual systems: predator and prey views of spider camouflage.
Climatology: Contrails reduce daily temperature range.
Direct cortical input modulates plasticity and spiking in CA1 pyramidal neurons.
Recovery rates reflect distance to a tipping point in a living system.
An Archaean heavy bombardment from a destabilized extension of the asteroid belt.
An ultraviolet-optical flare from the tidal disruption of a helium-rich stellar core.
ACE2 links amino acid malnutrition to microbial ecology and intestinal inflammation.
Multi-isotope imaging mass spectrometry quantifies stem cell division and metabolism.
Spin-orbital separation in the quasi-one-dimensional Mott insulator Sr2CuO3.
Allergic host defences.
A steady-state superradiant laser with less than one intracavity photon.
T-cell differentiation factor CBF-[bgr] regulates HIV-1 Vif-mediated evasion of host restriction.
Epistasis as the primary factor in molecular evolution.
Black hole lightning due to particle acceleration at subhorizon scales.
An ancient defense system eliminates unfit cells from developing tissues during cell competition.
Drones flying high as new tool for field biologists.
Cutting-edge techniques used for the structural investigation of single crystals.
Rapid thinning of Pine Island Glacier in the early Holocene.
Dlk1 promotes a fast motor neuron biophysical signature required for peak force execution.
Coordination of progenitor specification and growth in mouse and chick spinal cord.
A simple complex on the verge of breakdown: isolation of the elusive cyanoformate ion.
Greenland temperature response to climate forcing during the last deglaciation.
Carbon market lessons and global policy outlook.
The global prevalence of intimate partner violence against women.
An erythroid enhancer of BCL11A subject to genetic variation determines fetal hemoglobin level.
Neural decoding of visual imagery during sleep.
Current-driven spin dynamics of artificially constructed quantum magnets.
Proteomic mapping of mitochondria in living cells via spatially restricted enzymatic tagging.
Influence of HLA-C expression level on HIV control.
Rationally designed complex, hierarchical microarchitectures.
Chelyabinsk airburst, damage assessment, meteorite recovery, and characterization.
Structure-based design of a fusion glycoprotein vaccine for respiratory syncytial virus.
Potent social learning and conformity shape a wild primate's foraging decisions.
Bone marrow stromal cells generate muscle cells and repair muscle degeneration.
H2S induces a suspended animationlike state in mice.
Control and detection of singlet-triplet mixing in a random nuclear field.
Comment on" Epitaxial BiFeO3 multiferroic thin film heterostructures".
Patient-specific embryonic stem cells derived from human SCNT blastocysts.
Hemodynamic signals correlate tightly with synchronized gamma oscillations.
NPY/AgRP neurons are essential for feeding in adult mice but can be ablated in neonates.
Community proteomics of a natural microbial biofilm.
Worldwide phylogeography of wild boar reveals multiple centers of pig domestication.
Deep impact: excavating comet Tempel 1.
Soil carbon sequestration impacts on global climate change and food security.
Architecture of the photosynthetic oxygen-evolving center.
Status and trends of amphibian declines and extinctions worldwide.
Drug delivery systems: entering the mainstream.
Neuronal oscillations in cortical networks.
High frequency of mutations of the PIK3CA gene in human cancers.
Stabilization wedges: solving the climate problem for the next 50 years with current technologies.
The oceanic sink for anthropogenic CO2.
Large-scale copy number polymorphism in the human genome.
Convergence of Wnt, -catenin, and cadherin pathways.
Early taming of the cat in Cyprus.
Periodic signaling controlled by an oscillatory circuit that includes protein kinases ERK2 and PKA.
Preference for vibrational over translational energy in a gas-surface reaction.
Large shifts in pathogen virulence relate to host population structure.
Oscillating global regulators control the genetic circuit driving a bacterial cell cycle.
An ion balance for ultra-high-precision atomic mass measurements.
A microdomain for protein secretion in Gram-positive bacteria.
Robust temporal coding in the trigeminal system.
Long-term memory requires polyADP-ribosylation.
Coeval large-scale magmatism in the Kalahari and Laurentian cratons during Rodinia assembly.
Histone H2A. Z and DNA methylation are mutually antagonistic chromatin marks.
Sparse optical microstimulation in barrel cortex drives learned behaviour in freely moving mice.
Optical pumping of a single hole spin in a quantum dot.
NLRX1 is a regulator of mitochondrial antiviral immunity.
SAP-controlled TB cell interactions underlie germinal centre formation.
Structure of the guide-strand-containing argonaute silencing complex.
Reassessing the first appearance of eukaryotes and cyanobacteria.
Challenges in the development of an HIV-1 vaccine.
CDK8 is a colorectal cancer oncogene that regulates &bgr;-catenin activity.
A fasting inducible switch modulates gluconeogenesis via activator/coactivator exchange.
The endoplasmic reticulum acts as a platform for ubiquitylated components of nuclear factor B signaling.
A plant homolog of animal glutamate receptors is an ion channel gated by multiple hydrophobic amino acids.
Ubiquitin system: direct effects join the signaling.
Angiomotin'g YAP into the nucleus for cell proliferation and cancer development.
ERK-mediated phosphorylation of fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 on Ser777 inhibits signaling.
Spatial control of Epac2 activity by cAMP and Ca2+-mediated activation of Ras in pancreatic  cells.
Presenilins and Calcium SignalingSystems Biology to the Rescue.
How many salicylic acid receptors does a plant cell need?.
Blockade of glioma proliferation through allosteric inhibition of JAK2.
Bioanalytical assay strategies for the development of antibody-drug conjugate biotherapeutics.
Restoring systemic GDF11 levels reverses age-related dysfunction in mouse skeletal muscle.
Resurrecting surviving Neandertal lineages from modern human genomes.
Soft microfluidic assemblies of sensors, circuits, and radios for the skin.
Large-scale psychological differences within China explained by rice versus wheat agriculture.
Highly multiplexed subcellular RNA sequencing in situ.
Activity of protein kinase RIPK3 determines whether cells die by necroptosis or apoptosis.
Water photolysis at 12.3% efficiency via perovskite photovoltaics and Earth-abundant catalysts.
Volatile and organic compositions of sedimentary rocks in Yellowknife Bay, Gale Crater, Mars.
The STAT3-binding long noncoding RNA lnc-DC controls human dendritic cell differentiation.
Skills, education, and the rise of earnings inequality among the other 99 percent.
The ethylene response factors SNORKEL1 and SNORKEL2 allow rice to adapt to deep water.
The remnants of galaxy formation from a panoramic survey of the region around M31.
From molecular to macroscopic via the rational design of a self-assembled 3D DNA crystal.
Probabilistic assessment of sea level during the last interglacial stage.
An upper limit on the stochastic gravitational-wave background of cosmological origin.
MicroRNA-mediated switching of chromatin-remodelling complexes in neural development.
Direct RNA sequencing.
The avian Z-linked gene DMRT1 is required for male sex determination in the chicken.
Transparent dense sodium.
In situ observation of incompressible Mott-insulating domains in ultracold atomic gases.
Mammalian mutagenesis using a highly mobile somatic Sleeping Beauty transposon system.
Activity of striatal neurons reflects dynamic encoding and recoding of procedural memories.
Synthesis of the H-cluster framework of iron-only hydrogenase.
Catalysis: gold rush.
Plectasin is a peptide antibiotic with therapeutic potential from a saprophytic fungus.
Essential role of TRPC channels in the guidance of nerve growth cones by brain-derived neurotrophic factor.
Phase-locking in double-point-contact spin-transfer devices.
Suppression of Notch signalling by the COUP-TFII transcription factor regulates vein identity.
NMDA receptors are expressed in developing oligodendrocyte processes and mediate injury.
Chloride/proton antiporter activity of mammalian CLC proteins ClC-4 and ClC-5.
Crystal structure of the entire respiratory complex I.
In vitro expansion of single Lgr5+ liver stem cells induced by Wnt-driven regeneration.
Dietary intervention impact on gut microbial gene richness.
Characterization of H7N9 influenza A viruses isolated from humans.
Dopamine neurons modulate neural encoding and expression of depression-related behaviour.
A compendium of RNA-binding motifs for decoding gene regulation.
APOBEC3B is an enzymatic source of mutation in breast cancer.
Hippocampal place-cell sequences depict future paths to remembered goals.
Mature HIV-1 capsid structure by cryo-electron microscopy and all-atom molecular dynamics.
Induction of pathogenic TH17 cells by inducible salt-sensing kinase SGK1.
Propagation of conformational changes during [mgr]-opioid receptor activation.
Oxytocin enables maternal behaviour by balancing cortical inhibition.
Neuroscience: Halving it all.
Planetary science: A new recipe for Earth formation.
Control of plant stem cell function by conserved interacting transcriptional regulators.
Agrochemical control of plant water use using engineered abscisic acid receptors.
Physical chemistry: Square ice in a graphene sandwich.
Mutations in DCHS1 cause mitral valve prolapse.
Broad plumes rooted at the base of the Earth's mantle beneath major hotspots.
Structure of mammalian eIF3 in the context of the 43S preinitiation complex.
Omnidirectional printing of flexible, stretchable, and spanning silver microelectrodes.
Global analysis of Cdk1 substrate phosphorylation sites provides insights into evolution.
Self-sustained replication of an RNA enzyme.
Understanding the spreading patterns of mobile phone viruses.
High-detectivity polymer photodetectors with spectral response from 300 nm to 1450 nm.
Broadband invisibility by non-Euclidean cloaking.
Language phylogenies reveal expansion pulses and pauses in Pacific settlement.
DNA binding site sequence directs glucocorticoid receptor structure and activity.
CD24 and Siglec-10 selectively repress tissue damageinduced immune responses.
String theory, quantum phase transitions, and the emergent Fermi liquid.
Coronavirus main proteinase (3CLpro) structure: basis for design of anti-SARS drugs.
Traces of human migrations in Helicobacter pylori populations.
Chromosomal instability and tumors promoted by DNA hypomethylation.
Global freshwater resources: soft-path solutions for the 21st century.
Raney Ni-Sn catalyst for H2 production from biomass-derived hydrocarbons.
Intracellular bacterial biofilm-like pods in urinary tract infections.
Nanoparticle assembly and transport at liquid-liquid interfaces.
HCV persistence and immune evasion in the absence of memory T cell help.
Antibody domain exchange is an immunological solution to carbohydrate cluster recognition.
R2D2, a bridge between the initiation and effector steps of the Drosophila RNAi pathway.
Al cluster superatoms as halogens in polyhalides and as alkaline earths in iodide salts.
Cassini imaging science: Initial results on Saturn's rings and small satellites.
Reconstructing the origin of Andaman Islanders.
Plague bacteria target immune cells during infection.
Inositol hexakisphosphate is bound in the ADAR2 core and required for RNA editing.
Mach-Zehnder interferometry in a strongly driven superconducting qubit.
Nature of phosphorus limitation in the ultraoligotrophic eastern Mediterranean.
Regulation of blood glucose by hypothalamic pyruvate metabolism.
Assortative mating as a mechanism for rapid evolution of a migratory divide.
Ecosystem collapse in Pleistocene Australia and a human role in megafaunal extinction.
Signal recognition particle receptor exposes the ribosomal translocon binding site.
Lineages of acidophilic archaea revealed by community genomic analysis.
Seeking sustainability: Israel's evolving water management strategy.
Fall in Earth's magnetic field is erratic.
Polo-like kinase Cdc5 controls the local activation of Rho1 to promote cytokinesis.
Brassinosteroid signaling: a paradigm for steroid hormone signaling from the cell surface.
In quest of virtual tests for structural composites.
Surface crystallization in a liquid AuSi alloy.
C-terminal signal sequence promotes virulence factor secretion in Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Nanoassembly of a Fractal Polymer: A Molecular" Sierpinski Hexagonal Gasket".
Capuchin monkeys display affiliation toward humans who imitate them.
Programmed assembly of DNA-coated nanowire devices.
Reconstruction of molecular orbital densities from photoemission data.
Small-molecule activators of a proenzyme.
Extremely high mutation rate of a hammerhead viroid.
The orphan G proteincoupled receptor 3 modulates amyloid-beta peptide generation in neurons.
Isotopic evidence for an aerobic nitrogen cycle in the latest Archean.
Reprogramming plant cells for endosymbiosis.
Comparison of Interstellar Boundary Explorer observations with 3D global heliospheric models.
Homeostatic sleep pressure and responses to sustained attention in the suprachiasmatic area.
'Rejuvenation Factor'in Blood Turns Back the Clock in Old Mice.
MyelinMore than Insulation.
The axis of tolerance.
Drug Policy as Conservation Policy: Narco-Deforestation.
Raising the bar.
Stellar origin of the 182Hf cosmochronometer and the presolar history of solar system matter.
Magnetic moment and plasma environment of HD 209458b as determined from Ly observations.
High-resolution genomic analysis of human mitochondrial RNA sequence variation.
Structure and selectivity in bestrophin ion channels.
The littlest patient.
Solar System evolution from compositional mapping of the asteroid belt.
An ultraluminous X-ray source powered by an accreting neutron star.
Selective transcriptional regulation by Myc in cellular growth control and lymphomagenesis.
Antibacterial membrane attack by a pore-forming intestinal C-type lectin.
Hysteresis in a quantized superfluid/atomtronic/'circuit.
DNA-guided DNA interference by a prokaryotic Argonaute.
Immunological and virological mechanisms of vaccine-mediated protection against SIV and HIV.
Architecture of mammalian respiratory complex I.
miRNAs trigger widespread epigenetically activated siRNAs from transposons in Arabidopsis.
Predicting immunogenic tumour mutations by combining mass spectrometry and exome sequencing.
A major constituent of brown algae for use in high-capacity Li-ion batteries.
The genetic landscape of the childhood cancer medulloblastoma.
Exploring the genomes of cancer cells: progress and promise.
Reconciling food production and biodiversity conservation: land sharing and land sparing compared.
Scaling up digital circuit computation with DNA strand displacement cascades.
Chronic mucocutaneous candidiasis in humans with inborn errors of interleukin-17 immunity.
The hot summer of 2010: redrawing the temperature record map of Europe.
Focused evolution of HIV-1 neutralizing antibodies revealed by structures and deep sequencing.
The 2011 magnitude 9.0 Tohoku-Oki earthquake: Mosaicking the megathrust from seconds to centuries.
TFEB links autophagy to lysosomal biogenesis.
Scalar turbulence.
SHATTERPROOF MADS-box genes control seed dispersal in Arabidopsis.
Eukaryotic polymerases  and  act sequentially to bypass DNA lesions.
Semaphorin 3A is a chemoattractant for cortical apical dendrites.
Point mutation in an AMPA receptor gene rescues lethality in mice deficient in the RNA-editing enzyme ADAR2.
Detection of weak gravitational lensing distortions of distant galaxies by cosmic dark matter at large scales.
Causes, consequences and ethics of biodiversity.
Accumulation of autophagic vacuoles and cardiomyopathy in LAMP-2-deficient mice.
Peroxynitrite reductase activity of bacterial peroxiredoxins.
Mesoscopic fast ion conduction in nanometre-scale planar heterostructures.
Neuropharmacology: Odorants may arouse instinctive behaviours.
Subsidence risk from thawing permafrost.
Uracil-DNA glycosylase acts by substrate autocatalysis.
Modulation of the neuronal glutamate transporter EAAC1 by the interacting protein GTRAP3-18.
Malaria: Cooperative silencing elements in var genes.
Production of multiple plant hormones from a single polyprotein precursor.
Increased thermohaline stratification as a possible cause for an ocean anoxic event in the Cretaceous period.
macho-1 encodes a localized mRNA in ascidian eggs that specifies muscle fate during embryogenesis.
Ecology: Global amphibian population declines.
Exploitation of syndecan-1 shedding by Pseudomonas aeruginosa enhances virulence.
Rapid prototyping of patterned functional nanostructures.
The major substrates for TAP in vivo are derived from newly synthesized proteins.
Temperature trends over the past five centuries reconstructed from borehole temperatures.
The mammalian sodium channel BNC1 is required for normal touch sensation.
Parallel evolution of virulence in pathogenic Escherichia coli.
The Cdt1 protein is required to license DNA for replication in fission yeast.
Integration of floral inductive signals in Arabidopsis.
Molecular mechanism of vectorial proton translocation by bacteriorhodopsin.
Gigantism in mice lacking suppressor of cytokine signalling-2.
Eomesodermin is required for mouse trophoblast development and mesoderm formation.
A nuclear solution to climate change?.
Tunable resistance of a carbon nanotube-graphite interface.
Mode-specific energy disposal in the four-atom reaction OH+ D2 HOD+ D.
Moissanite: a window for high-pressure experiments.
DNA arrays reveal cancer in its many forms.
Selfish DNA in protein-coding genes of Rickettsia.
Rescue of photoreceptor degeneration in rhodopsin-null Drosophila mutants by activated Rac1.
Structure of yeast poly (A) polymerase alone and in complex with 3'-dATP.
Designing small-molecule switches for protein-protein interactions.
Graphical evolution of the Arnold web: from order to chaos.
Annotation of human cancers with EGFR signalingassociated protein complexes using proximity ligation assays.
Heparin is an activating ligand of the orphan receptor tyrosine kinase ALK.
The role of ciliary trafficking in Hedgehog receptor signaling.
Activation of TRPV1 channels inhibits mechanosensitive Piezo channel activity by depleting membrane phosphoinositides.
Phosphorylation of FADD by the kinase CK1 promotes KRASG12D-induced lung cancer.
Targeted phosphoproteomics of insulin signaling using data-independent acquisition mass spectrometry.
Combining three antibodies nullifies feedback-mediated resistance to erlotinib in lung cancer.
A Bridging Opportunities Work-frame to develop mobile applications for clinical decision making.
Cellular stress responses in protein misfolding diseases.
Trinucleotide repeats and protein folding and disease: the perspective from studies with the androgen receptor.
When doubt becomes a weapon.
Climate change: The prospects for polar bears.
Analytical biochemistry: weighing up protein folding.
Cancer: Genomics of metastasis.
Evolutionary biology: new take on the red queen.
Palaeoanthropology: Early Homo sapiens in China.
Metabolism: Host and microbes in a pickle.
Spectroscopy: Clear signals from surfaces.
[C] High hopes for Brazilian science..
Orally delivered siRNA targeting macrophage Map4k4 suppresses systemic inflammation.
Structural basis of abscisic acid signalling.
Information causality as a physical principle.
Bmi1 regulates mitochondrial function and the DNA damage response pathway.
The ITQ-37 mesoporous chiral zeolite.
High-Q surface-plasmon-polariton whispering-gallery microcavity.
The nature of selection during plant domestication.
XIAP discriminates between type I and type II FAS-induced apoptosis.
Structural basis for androgen specificity and oestrogen synthesis in human aromatase.
An intermediate-mass black hole of over 500 solar masses in the galaxy ESO 243-49.
Neuropathy of haematopoietic stem cell niche is essential for myeloproliferative neoplasms.
Quantum chaos in ultracold collisions of gas-phase erbium atoms.
The unfolded protein response governs integrity of the haematopoietic stem-cell pool during stress.
Oncogene-like induction of cellular invasion from centrosome amplification.
Mosaic two-lengthscale quasicrystals.
Quantum droplets of electrons and holes.
Caenorhabditis elegans pathways that surveil and defend mitochondria.
High-resolution structure of the human GPR40 receptor bound to allosteric agonist TAK-875.
Pre-Columbian mycobacterial genomes reveal seals as a source of New World human tuberculosis.
c-kit+ cells minimally contribute cardiomyocytes to the heart.
The Human Genome Project: lessons from large-scale biology.
White-light filaments for atmospheric analysis.
The deep roots of eukaryotes.
Pyogenic bacterial infections in humans with IRAK-4 deficiency.
Bidirectional transmembrane signaling by cytoplasmic domain separation in integrins.
Long-range correlations in the diffuse seismic coda.
Control mechanism of the circadian clock for timing of cell division in vivo.
Notch-mediated restoration of regenerative potential to aged muscle.
Loss of IGF2 imprinting: a potential marker of colorectal cancer risk.
Yield effects of genetically modified crops in developing countries.
Public database for HIV drug resistance in southern Africa.
Supramolecular chemistry: more than the sum of its parts.
Metrics: journal's impact factor skewed by a single paper.
Synthetic biology: Synchronized bacterial clocks.
Neurodegeneration: An expansion in ALS genetics.
Defeating the merchants of doubt.
Country by country.
Tie funding to research integrity.
Metabolic disorders: Fathers' nutritional legacy.
How government spending cuts put lives at risk.
Farside gravity field of the Moon from four-way Doppler measurements of SELENE (Kaguya).
D-amino acids govern stationary phase cell wall remodeling in bacteria.
Widespread changes in synaptic markers as a function of sleep and wakefulness in Drosophila.
Selective phenol hydrogenation to cyclohexanone over a dual supported PdLewis acid catalyst.
Hematopoietic cytokines can instruct lineage choice.
Detection of gamma rays from a starburst galaxy.
The rubber juggernaut.
Time-resolved molecular frame dynamics of fixed-in-space CS2 molecules.
Dynamic order-disorder in atomistic models of structural glass formers.
Epidemic dynamics at the human-animal interface.
Genetic signatures of exceptional longevity in humans.
Insects betray themselves in nature to predators by rapid isomerization of green leaf volatiles.
Freezing tolerance in plants requires lipid remodeling at the outer chloroplast membrane.
Predictive model for wall-bounded turbulent flow.
Dry times ahead.
Plumage color patterns of an extinct dinosaur.
Effects of rapid global warming at the Paleocene-Eocene boundary on neotropical vegetation.
SphK1 regulates proinflammatory responses associated with endotoxin and polymicrobial sepsis.
Plasticity of animal genome architecture unmasked by rapid evolution of a pelagic tunicate.
The Lmo2 oncogene initiates leukemia in mice by inducing thymocyte self-renewal.
The sub-energetic -ray burst GRB 031203 as a cosmic analogue to the nearby GRB 980425.
Regulation of innate and adaptive immune responses by MAP kinase phosphatase 5.
Evidence of power-law flow in the Mojave desert mantle.
A physical map of the chicken genome.
Spermatid differentiation requires the assembly of a cell polarity complex downstream of junctional adhesion molecule-C.
Clarifying the glass-transition behaviour of water by comparison with hyperquenched inorganic glasses.
A role for the immunological synapse in lineage commitment of CD4 lymphocytes.
New light shed on the oldest insect.
The DNA sequence and biology of human chromosome 19.
Cdc42 and mDia3 regulate microtubule attachment to kinetochores.
Tet2 is required to resolve inflammation by recruiting Hdac2 to specifically repress IL-6.
Device fabrication: Three-dimensional printed electronics.
 .
Two independent and primitive envelopes of the bilobate nucleus of comet 67P.
 Wnt .
Biochar: Bring on the sewage.
A resource for cell line authentication, annotation and quality control.
Decompensated cirrhosis and microbiome interpretation.
Science, technology and the future of small autonomous drones.
Vapour-mediated sensing and motility in two-component droplets.
Uracil DNA glycosylase activity is dispensable for immunoglobulin class switch.
Real-space observation of molecular motion induced by femtosecond laser pulses.
Zebrafish Dpr2 inhibits mesoderm induction by promoting degradation of nodal receptors.
Coordination of meiotic recombination, pairing, and synapsis by PHS1.
Robotic observations of enhanced carbon biomass and export at 55 S during SOFeX.
Comment on" Inhibition of hepatitis B virus replication by APOBEC3G".
CO2 elicits long-term decline in nitrogen fixation.
Periodic mesoporous dendrisilicas.
Respect thy neighbor!.
Substructure in the circumstellar disk around the young star AU Microscopii.
Electric field effect in atomically thin carbon films.
EGFR mutations in lung cancer: correlation with clinical response to gefitinib therapy.
Environmental genome shotgun sequencing of the Sargasso Sea.
Species-specific recognition of single-stranded RNA via toll-like receptor 7 and 8.
In vivo activation of the p53 pathway by small-molecule antagonists of MDM2.
Innate antiviral responses by means of TLR7-mediated recognition of single-stranded RNA.
The pathophysiology of mitochondrial cell death.
MicroRNAs modulate hematopoietic lineage differentiation.
Hepcidin regulates cellular iron efflux by binding to ferroportin and inducing its internalization.
Empathy for pain involves the affective but not sensory components of pain.
Free fermion antibunching in a degenerate atomic Fermi gas released from an optical lattice.
Nodulation independent of rhizobia induced by a calcium-activated kinase lacking autoinhibition.
Experimental determination of entanglement with a single measurement.
RNA-mediated response to heat shock in mammalian cells.
A keratin cytoskeletal protein regulates protein synthesis and epithelial cell growth.
Structure of epsilon15 bacteriophage reveals genome organization and DNA packaging/injection apparatus.
Long-term motor cortex plasticity induced by an electronic neural implant.
A probable stellar solution to the cosmological lithium discrepancy.
Potentiation of neuroblastoma metastasis by loss of caspase-8.
Omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acids stimulate cell membrane expansion by acting on syntaxin 3.
Cancer: solving an age-old problem.
Drug candidates derailed in case of mistaken identity.
Do we need a global strategy for microbial conservation?.
Making connections.
Gene data to hit milestone.
Cell biology: dormant and restless skin stem cells.
Sequencing data: A genomic network to monitor Earth.
Alzheimer's disease: A breach in the blood-brain barrier.
Evidence for dietary change but not landscape use in South African early hominins.
Fault healing promotes high-frequency earthquakes in laboratory experiments and on natural faults.
Crystallographic snapshot of cellulose synthesis and membrane translocation.
Giant osmotic energy conversion measured in a single transmembrane boron nitride nanotube.
53BP1 is a reader of the DNA-damage-induced H2A Lys 15 ubiquitin mark.
Masses of exotic calcium isotopes pin down nuclear forces.
Predominant archaea in marine sediments degrade detrital proteins.
A galaxy rapidly forming stars 700 million years after the Big Bang at redshift 7.51.
Swings between rotation and accretion power in a binary millisecond pulsar.
Pervasive genetic hitchhiking and clonal interference in forty evolving yeast populations.
Ultrahard nanotwinned cubic boron nitride.
Accurate assessment of mass, models and resolution by small-angle scattering.
RNAi-mediated targeting of heterochromatin by the RITS complex.
Superfamilies of evolved and designed networks.
GRACE measurements of mass variability in the Earth system.
Inferring cellular networks using probabilistic graphical models.
Control of stochasticity in eukaryotic gene expression.
Harnessing nonlinearity: Predicting chaotic systems and saving energy in wireless communication.
Multiple rare alleles contribute to low plasma levels of HDL cholesterol.
Hysteretic adsorption and desorption of hydrogen by nanoporous metal-organic frameworks.
Multifunctional carbon nanotube yarns by downsizing an ancient technology.
A chiral route to negative refraction.
Drug-making plant blooms.
Room-temperature solid-state maser.
Olympics: Run for your life.
Bioelectronics: The bionic material.
Biodiversity: think big for marine conservation.
Applied physics: Nanowire electronics comes of age.
The elusive Hadean enriched reservoir revealed by 142Nd deficits in Isua Archaean rocks.
Materials chemistry: liposomes derived from molecular vases.
Dynamical similarity of geomagnetic field reversals.
Hsp70 regulates erythropoiesis by preventing caspase-3-mediated cleavage of GATA-1.
Coupling of surface temperatures and atmospheric CO2 concentrations during the Palaeozoic era.
Cdc48/p97 promotes reformation of the nucleus by extracting the kinase Aurora B from chromatin.
Mitotic occupancy and lineage-specific transcriptional control of rRNA genes by Runx2.
Common effector processing mediates cell-specific responses to stimuli.
C5L2 is critical for the biological activities of the anaphylatoxins C5a and C3a.
High-fidelity transmission of sensory information by single cerebellar mossy fibre boutons.
Miniature eye movements enhance fine spatial detail.
Empirical fitness landscapes reveal accessible evolutionary paths.
Shear heating as the origin of the plumes and heat flux on Enceladus.
Enhancement of thermoelectric efficiency in PbTe by distortion of the electronic density of states.
Direct imaging of multiple planets orbiting the star HR 8799.
Single-cycle nonlinear optics.
Chaotic Dirac billiard in graphene quantum dots.
Worldwide human relationships inferred from genome-wide patterns of variation.
Identification of host proteins required for HIV infection through a functional genomic screen.
Cavity optomechanics: back-action at the mesoscale.
The Rag GTPases bind raptor and mediate amino acid signaling to mTORC1.
Three-dimensional super-resolution imaging by stochastic optical reconstruction microscopy.
Generation of pluripotent stem cells from adult mouse liver and stomach cells.
Cell biology: survival in three dimensions.
Kidney function: gateway to a long life?.
Signal transduction: molecular ticket to enter cells.
Galapagos Islands: Marine iguanas die from trace oil pollution.
Mining the mouse genome.
Factors determining crystalliquid coexistence under shear.
The strength of Mg0. 9Fe0. 1SiO3 perovskite at high pressure and temperature.
Neurology: an ancient sensory organ in crocodilians.
Medicine: lipid signals in pain control.
Atmospheric chemistry: Iodine's air of importance.
Scalable architecture in mammalian brains.
Role for sperm in spatial patterning of the early mouse embryo.
Biodegradation of oil in uplifted basins prevented by deep-burial sterilization.
Energy saving in flight formation.
Self-assembled monolayer organic field-effect transistors.
The crust and mantle of Mars.
Structural basis for co-stimulation by the human CTLA-4/B7-2 complex.
Nanoindentation: Simulation of defect nucleation in a crystal.
The timing of the last deglaciation in North Atlantic climate records.
Selectivity of chromatin-remodelling cofactors for ligand-activated transcription.
The FasFADD death domain complex structure unravels signalling by receptor clustering.
Southern Ocean deep-water carbon export enhanced by natural iron fertilization.
Oceanic nickel depletion and a methanogen famine before the Great Oxidation Event.
Metatranscriptomics reveals unique microbial small RNAs in the ocean's water column.
Peierls distortion as a route to high thermoelectric performance in In4Se3-&dgr; crystals.
Fgf8 morphogen gradient forms by a source-sink mechanism with freely diffusing molecules.
Optically controlled locking of the nuclear field via coherent dark-state spectroscopy.
Developmental and species-divergent globin switching are driven by BCL11A.
Dense packings of the Platonic and Archimedean solids.
Regulation of cortical microcircuits by unitary GABA-mediated volume transmission.
Neural correlates of mental rehearsal in dorsal premotor cortex.
A new troodontid dinosaur from China with avian-like sleeping posture.
Adaptation varies through space and time in a coevolving hostparasitoid interaction.
Jarosite as an indicator of water-limited chemical weathering on Mars.
Convective-region geometry as the cause of Uranus' and Neptune's unusual magnetic fields.
Fisheries: mislabelling of a depleted reef fish.
An apparently normal -ray burst with an unusually low luminosity.
Sustainable trophy hunting of African lions.
Structural rearrangements in the membrane penetration protein of a non-enveloped virus.
Recent ice-rich deposits formed at high latitudes on Mars by sublimation of unstable equatorial ice during low obliquity.
A Generalized Service Replication Process in Distributed Environments.
On excluded minors and biased graph representations of frame matroids.
Package 'ads'.
The homeodomain-containing transcription factor, Gh HOX3, is a key regulator of cotton fiber elongation.
Tackling heart failure in the twenty-first century.
A photosynthetic alveolate closely related to apicomplexan parasites.
A laser frequency comb that enables radial velocity measurements with a precision of 1 cm s-1.
Functionalizing hydrogen-bonded surface networks with self-assembled monolayers.
Structure and metal exchange in the cadmium carbonic anhydrase of marine diatoms.
The CRAC channel consists of a tetramer formed by Stim-induced dimerization of Orai dimers.
Angiogenesis selectively requires the p110&agr; isoform of PI3K to control endothelial cell migration.
Genetic basis of fitness differences in natural populations.
Hippocampus-independent phase precession in entorhinal grid cells.
Substrate-targeting &ggr;-secretase modulators.
Comment on A promiscuous intermediate underlies the evolution of LEAFY DNA binding specificity.
Managing mining of the deep seabed.
Late Pliocene fossiliferous sedimentary record and the environmental context of early Homo from Afar, Ethiopia.
The reinvigoration of the Southern Ocean carbon sink.
VSV-EBOV rapidly protects macaques against infection with the 2014/15 Ebola virus outbreak strain.
Models predict longer, deeper US droughts.
Exclusion of leptophilic dark matter models using XENON100 electronic recoil data.
Comment on Planetary boundaries: Guiding human development on a changing planet.
A direct role for the Sec1/Munc18-family protein Vps33 as a template for SNARE assembly.
A 3D-printed, functionally graded soft robot powered by combustion.
Supercooled liquids and the glass transition.
A map of human genome sequence variation containing 1.42 million single nucleotide polymorphisms.
Selective recognition of methylated lysine 9 on histone H3 by the HP1 chromo domain.
Methylation of histone H3 lysine 9 creates a binding site for HP1 proteins.
Proliferation, cell cycle and apoptosis in cancer.
Attosecond metrology.
Ordered nanoporous arrays of carbon supporting high dispersions of platinum nanoparticles.
Observation of coherent optical information storage in an atomic medium using halted light pulses.
The microenvironment of the tumourhost interface.
Long-distance quantum communication with atomic ensembles and linear optics.
The Sudden Death of a Coral Reef-Response.
Molecular and cellular determinants of skeletal muscle atrophy and hypertrophy.
Multigranular spatio-temporal models: implementation.
Complex systems: Unzipping Zipf's law.
Biophysics: push it, pull it.
[C] We thought trouble was coming..
[C] End the wasteful tyranny of reviewer experiments..
Research ethics: Treat donors as partners in biobank research.
Science and law: Improve statistics in court.
Microbiome: That healthy gut feeling.
Financial systems: Ecology and economics.
Let's get practical.
Molecular gas in the host galaxy of a quasar at redshift z &equals; 6.42.
Release of eIF6 (p27BBP) from the 60S subunit allows 80S ribosome assembly.
Sustained division of the attentional spotlight.
Sphingolipid signalling in Arabidopsis guard cells involves heterotrimeric G proteins.
RhoG activates Rac1 by direct interaction with the Dock180-binding protein Elmo.
Backtracking by single RNA polymerase molecules observed at near-base-pair resolution.
Cell division.
Light-induced hormone conversion of T4 to T3 regulates photoperiodic response of gonads in birds.
Econophysics: Master curve for price-impact function.
The evolutionary inheritance of elemental stoichiometry in marine phytoplankton.
Clovis age Western Stemmed projectile points and human coprolites at the Paisley Caves.
High-latitude forcing of the South American summer monsoon during the last glacial.
Is it time for a metagenomic basis of therapeutics?.
Major earthquakes occur regularly on an isolated plate boundary fault.
Tracking Cooper pairs in a cuprate superconductor by ultrafast angle-resolved photoemission.
Synthesis of methylphosphonic acid by marine microbes: a source for methane in the aerobic ocean.
A fully size-resolved perspective on the crystallization of water clusters.
Optical control of protein activity by fluorescent protein domains.
Membrane fusion intermediates via directional and full assembly of the SNARE complex.
Facilitated cross-species transmission of prions in extraneural tissue.
Genie in a bottle.
Coherent transfer of Cooper pairs by a movable grain.
Surrogate mother for endangered Cupressus.
Genomics, the cytoskeleton and motility.
Superior auditory spatial tuning in conductors.
Evolution: tides of tolerance.
Palaeoanthropology: Our newest oldest ancestor?.
Spiny lobsters stick and slip to make sound.
The stability against freezing of an internal liquid-water ocean in Callisto.
Evidence against dust-mediated control of glacialinterglacial changes in atmospheric CO2.
Distinct molecular mechanism for initiating TRAF6 signalling.
Macroscopically ordered state in an exciton system.
Precise inhibition is essential for microsecond interaural time difference coding.
Gravitationally redshifted absorption lines in the X-ray burst spectra of a neutron star.
Adaptive protein evolution in Drosophila.
A proteasomal ATPase subunit recognizes the polyubiquitin degradation signal.
Antarctic climate cooling and terrestrial ecosystem response.
Glutamate-receptor-interacting protein GRIP1 directly steers kinesin to dendrites.
Deletion of brain dystroglycan recapitulates aspects of congenital muscular dystrophy.
Open channel structure of MscL and the gating mechanism of mechanosensitive channels.
Diversity and dynamics of dendritic signaling.
External control of 20th century temperature by natural and anthropogenic forcings.
Functional requirement for class I MHC in CNS development and plasticity.
Regulation of C. elegans life-span by insulinlike signaling in the nervous system.
Identification of HE1 as the second gene of Niemann-Pick C disease.
Experiments and simulations of ion-enhanced interfacial chemistry on aqueous NaCl aerosols.
Location of a major susceptibility locus for familial schizophrenia on chromosome 1q21-q22.
Uninterrupted MCM2-7 function required for DNA replication fork progression.
Evidence for genetic linkage of Alzheimer's disease to chromosome 10q.
Cloning of the Arabidopsis clock gene TOC1, an autoregulatory response regulator homolog.
Leptin regulates striatal regions and human eating behavior.
Single-atom single-photon quantum interface.
When fear is near: threat imminence elicits prefrontal-periaqueductal gray shifts in humans.
Differential transmission of actin motion within focal adhesions.
Target protectors reveal dampening and balancing of Nodal agonist and antagonist by miR-430.
Redefining the age of Clovis: implications for the peopling of the Americas.
Recent sea-level contributions of the Antarctic and Greenland ice sheets.
Ubiquitin-binding protein RAP80 mediates BRCA1-dependent DNA damage response.
How the brain translates money into force: a neuroimaging study of subliminal motivation.
AG protein-coupled receptor is a plasma membrane receptor for the plant hormone abscisic acid.
Structure of a bacterial ribonuclease P holoenzyme in complex with tRNA.
Multiple native states reveal persistent ruggedness of an RNA folding landscape.
Induction of tumour immunity by targeted inhibition of nonsense-mediated mRNA decay.
Somatic sex identity is cell autonomous in the chicken.
Lunar apatite with terrestrial volatile abundances.
Scattering by chorus waves as the dominant cause of diffuse auroral precipitation.
Direct mass measurements above uranium bridge the gap to the island of stability.
Zscan4 regulates telomere elongation and genomic stability in ES cells.
Phylogenies reveal new interpretation of speciation and the Red Queen.
Pinning quantum phase transition for a Luttinger liquid of strongly interacting bosons.
Editing of CD1d-bound lipid antigens by endosomal lipid transfer proteins.
Deficit in attachment behavior in mice lacking the -opioid receptor gene.
Emerging vectors in the Culex pipiens complex.
Controlling the charge state of individual gold adatoms.
Structural insights into the assembly of the type III secretion needle complex.
Functional conversion between A-type and delayed rectifier K+ channels by membrane lipids.
Optical signatures of the Aharonov-Bohm phase in single-walled carbon nanotubes.
Cdh1-APC controls axonal growth and patterning in the mammalian brain.
PEST domain-enriched tyrosine phosphatase (PEP) regulation of effector/memory T cells.
Widespread intense turbulent mixing in the Southern Ocean.
Evaluation of drought resistance for Texas bluegrass, Kentucky bluegrass, and their hybrids.
A marker-based approach to broadening the genetic base of rice in the USA.
Genetic diversity among CIMMYT maize inbred lines investigated with SSR markers.
Genotype environment interactions and heritability of tocopherol contents in canola.
Genetic diversity determined within and among CIMMYT maize populations of tropical, subtropical, and temperate germplasm by SSR markers.
The role of pericarp cell wall components in maize weevil resistance.
Information distortion in a supply chain: the bullwhip effect.
Variability of barley radiation-use efficiency.
Microsatellite Markers Linked to the and Genes for Resistance to Septoria Tritici Blotch in Wheat.
Induction of gadd45 by NF-B downregulates pro-apoptotic JNK signalling.
Actions from thoughts.
MAD2 haplo-insufficiency causes premature anaphase and chromosome instability in mammalian cells.
A measurement of the cosmological mass density from clustering in the 2dF Galaxy Redshift Survey.
Nanotechnology: Thin solid films roll up into nanotubes.
Enzymes for chemical synthesis.
Solid acids as fuel cell electrolytes.
Energetic optimization of ion conduction rate by the K&plus; selectivity filter.
Systematic distortions in world fisheries catch trends.
Absolute-phase phenomena in photoionization with few-cycle laser pulses.
The changing face of HIV in China.
Experimental demonstration of a BDCZ quantum repeater node.
Poly (ADP-ribose)-binding zinc finger motifs in DNA repair/checkpoint proteins.
Unusual magnetic order in the pseudogap region of the superconductor HgBa2CuO4+ &dgr.
Evolvability and hierarchy in rewired bacterial gene networks.
Scale effects and human impact on the elevational species richness gradients.
High-temperature interface superconductivity between metallic and insulating copper oxides.
Intraseasonal interaction between the MaddenJulian oscillation and the North Atlantic oscillation.
A multi-component Fermi surface in the vortex state of an underdoped high-Tc superconductor.
Generation of cell polarity in plants links endocytosis, auxin distribution and cell fate decisions.
Jupiter's atmospheric composition from the Cassini thermal infrared spectroscopy experiment.
Discovery of a compact radio component in the center of supernova 1986J.
80 years of watching the evolutionary scenery.
Runcaria, a Middle Devonian seed plant precursor.
Cumulative sperm whale bone damage and the bends.
Three Gorges Project: chance and challenge.
Zinc-zinc bonds: A new frontier.
Phase-resolved spectroscopy of Geminga shows rotating hot spot (s).
Observational properties of pulsars.
BCL6 enables Ph+ acute lymphoblastic leukaemia cells to survive BCR-ABL1 kinase inhibition.
Visual place learning in Drosophila melanogaster.
Control of visual cortical signals by prefrontal dopamine.
Morphological evolution caused by many subtle-effect substitutions in regulatory DNA.
Overcoming lability of extremely long alkane carbon-carbon bonds through dispersion forces.
Trapped-ion antennae for the transmission of quantum information.
A somitic Wnt16/Notch pathway specifies haematopoietic stem cells.
Nuclear export dynamics of RNA-protein complexes.
Taxadiene synthase structure and evolution of modular architecture in terpene biosynthesis.
The unusual minimum of sunspot cycle 23 caused by meridional plasma flow variations.
Ion distributions near a liquid-liquid interface.
Long-term potentiation of neuron-glia synapses mediated by Ca2+-permeable AMPA receptors.
Nondestructive optical measurements of a single electron spin in a quantum dot.
Structure of dual function iron regulatory protein 1 complexed with ferritin IRE-RNA.
From individual dispersal to species ranges: perspectives for a changing world.
The nature and dynamics of bacterial genomes.
Cassini dust measurements at Enceladus and implications for the origin of the E ring.
Late colonization of Easter island.
Interstellar chemistry recorded in organic matter from primitive meteorites.
Natural and experimental evidence of melt lubrication of faults during earthquakes.
Reduction of theta rhythm dissociates grid cell spatial periodicity from directional tuning.
Globalization, land use, and the invasion of West Nile virus.
EPOXI at comet Hartley 2.
The 2010 Mw 8.8 Maule megathrust earthquake of Central Chile, monitored by GPS.
Adipose triglyceride lipase contributes to cancer-associated cachexia.
Chromosome segregation errors as a cause of DNA damage and structural chromosome aberrations.
Rapid spread of a bacterial symbiont in an invasive whitefly is driven by fitness benefits and female bias.
Spatial coupling of mTOR and autophagy augments secretory phenotypes.
MED12, the mediator complex subunit 12 gene, is mutated at high frequency in uterine leiomyomas.
The 2011 Tohoku-Oki earthquake: Displacement reaching the trench axis.
Genetic basis of natural variation in D. melanogaster antibacterial immunity.
Ethanol augments GABAergic transmission in the central amygdala via CRF1 receptors.
Femtotesla magnetic field measurement with magnetoresistive sensors.
Carbonyl sulfide-mediated prebiotic formation of peptides.
Electrons in finite-sized water cavities: hydration dynamics observed in real time.
Extra-large-pore zeolites with two-dimensional channels formed by 14 and 12 rings.
Rescue of cardiac defects in id knockout embryos by injection of embryonic stem cells.
Local endemism within the Western Ghats-Sri Lanka biodiversity hotspot.
TRPM4 regulates calcium oscillations after T cell activation.
Genome sequence of a polydnavirus: insights into symbiotic virus evolution.
Labor market returns to an early childhood stimulation intervention in Jamaica.
Neandertal roots: Cranial and chronological evidence from Sima de los Huesos.
The first pulse of the extremely bright GRB 130427A: a test lab for synchrotron shocks.
Self-assembly of magnetite nanocubes into helical superstructures.
Aging-induced type I interferon response at the choroid plexus negatively affects brain function.
Chemical potential and quantum Hall ferromagnetism in bilayer graphene.
A 12-million-year temperature history of the tropical Pacific Ocean.
Regulating gene drives.
Elastic instability of a crystal growing on a curved surface.
-Catenin Activation Regulates Tissue Growth NonCell Autonomously in the Hair Stem Cell Niche.
Complexes of MADS-box proteins are sufficient to convert leaves into floral organs.
Structural basis for the interaction of antibiotics with the peptidyl transferase centre in eubacteria.
The AAA ATPase Cdc48/p97 and its partners transport proteins from the ER into the cytosol.
A synthetic glycolipid prevents autoimmune encephalomyelitis by inducing TH2 bias of natural killer T cells.
Transgenic DNA introgressed into traditional maize landraces in Oaxaca, Mexico.
The RNA component of telomerase is mutated in autosomal dominant dyskeratosis congenita.
Hypermutation of multiple proto-oncogenes in B-cell diffuse large-cell lymphomas.
Somatic activation of the K-ras oncogene causes early onset lung cancer in mice.
-Cell death during progression to diabetes.
Role of PHABULOSA and PHAVOLUTA in determining radial patterning in shoots.
 .
Climate science: Cold carbon storage.
Corrigendum: Direct recording and molecular identification of the calcium channel of primary cilia.
ANTARCTICA'S SECRET GARDEN.
Sustainable ecosystems and society.
Microbiology: Majority rule.
Epidemiology: A moving target.
Automated screening: Arxiv screens spot fake papers.
Preclinical research: Design animal studies better.
[C] Corrigendum: Sustained translational repression by eIF2 [agr]-P mediates prion neurodegeneration.
Emergent properties of reduced-genome Escherichia coli.
Climate-controlled Holocene occupation in the Sahara: motor of Africa's evolution.
Plant genotypic diversity predicts community structure and governs an ecosystem process.
Evolution of hormone-receptor complexity by molecular exploitation.
Mode locking of electron spin coherences in singly charged quantum dots.
Recent Greenland ice mass loss by drainage system from satellite gravity observations.
Viruses: making friends with old foes.
Plasticization-enhanced hydrogen purification using polymeric membranes.
Cassini ion and neutral mass spectrometer: Enceladus plume composition and structure.
Extrafollicular activation of lymph node B cells by antigen-bearing dendritic cells.
Visual pattern recognition in Drosophila is invariant for retinal position.
Insights into innovation.
Of towers, walls, and fields: perspectives on language in science.
Testing predator-driven evolution with Paleozoic crinoid arm regeneration.
Advanced cardiac morphogenesis does not require heart tube fusion.
The complex interaction of aerosols and clouds.
Ventilation of the glacial deep Pacific Ocean.
We get by with a little help from our (little) friends.
Robust interactions.
Ecology in the underworld.
Do chronic diseases have an infectious root?.
Pollen Tube Guidance--Right on Target.
A global lab against influenza.
Hard-won advances spark excitement about hepatitis C.
The message is in the translation.
Patents, secrecy, and DNA.
Endothelium--Chicken Soup for the Endoderm.
Memory consolidation and NMDA receptors: discrepancy between genetic and pharmacological approaches.
Fundamentals of treaty-making on climate change.
Deep diamond mysteries.
Loss of imprinting of Igf2 alters intestinal maturation and tumorigenesis in mice.
Failure to detect mismatches between intention and outcome in a simple decision task.
Map plasticity in somatosensory cortex.
Neuronal coherence as a mechanism of effective corticospinal interaction.
Treatment of autoimmune neuroinflammation with a synthetic tryptophan metabolite.
Tunable supercurrent through semiconductor nanowires.
Voyager 1 in the foreshock, termination shock, and heliosheath.
Assessing methane emissions from global space-borne observations.
Clonal dominance of hematopoietic stem cells triggered by retroviral gene marking.
The global reach of the 26 December 2004 Sumatra tsunami.
Conformational switching in the fungal light sensor Vivid.
The variable rotation period of the inner region of Saturn's plasma disk.
Quantitative morphological signatures define local signaling networks regulating cell morphology.
Sequence finishing and mapping of Drosophila melanogaster heterochromatin.
Middle Paleolithic assemblages from the Indian subcontinent before and after the Toba super-eruption.
Protein dynamics control the kinetics of initial electron transfer in photosynthesis.
Molecular basis of the shish-kebab morphology in polymer crystallization.
CHD1 motor protein is required for deposition of histone variant H3. 3 into chromatin in vivo.
Thermokarst lakes as a source of atmospheric CH4 during the last deglaciation.
End-to-end stacking and liquid crystal condensation of 6to 20base pair DNA duplexes.
The costs of breathing.
To group or not to group.
Concerns about arsenic-laden bacterium aired.
Response to Comment on A persistent oxygen anomaly reveals the fate of spilled methane in the deep Gulf of Mexico.
Computational experiments for science education.
Effects of experimental seaweed deposition on lizard and ant predation in an island food web.
Drosophila Sex lethal gene initiates female development in germline progenitors.
Celebrating an anniversary.
Pores within poreshow to craft ordered hierarchical zeolites.
Properties of the 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko interior revealed by CONSERT radar.
Opposite effects of anthelmintic treatment on microbial infection at individual versus population scales.
Mechanistic insight from the crystal structure of mitochondrial complex I.
Cortical information flow during flexible sensorimotor decisions.
Agriculture facilitated permanent human occupation of the Tibetan Plateau after 3600 BP.
Salicylic acid modulates colonization of the root microbiome by specific bacterial taxa.
Epitaxial growth of a monolayer WSe2-MoS2 lateral pn junction with an atomically sharp interface.
Subsurface properties and early activity of comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko.
The structure of the regolith on 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko from ROLIS descent imaging.
Self-correction in science at work.
lincRNAs act in the circuitry controlling pluripotency and differentiation.
A unique chromatin signature uncovers early developmental enhancers in humans.
Genetic variants in novel pathways influence blood pressure and cardiovascular disease risk.
Whole-genome sequencing identifies recurrent mutations in chronic lymphocytic leukaemia.
Cancer immunotherapy comes of age.
Initial genome sequencing and analysis of multiple myeloma.
Genetics and pathogenesis of inflammatory bowel disease.
Paneth cells constitute the niche for Lgr5 stem cells in intestinal crypts.
Frequent pathway mutations of splicing machinery in myelodysplasia.
Initial impact of the sequencing of the human genome.
Mutations causing syndromic autism define an axis of synaptic pathophysiology.
A genetically humanized mouse model for hepatitis C virus infection.
Three-dimensional atomic imaging of crystalline nanoparticles.
Determinants of nucleosome organization in primary human cells.
SCFFBW7 regulates cellular apoptosis by targeting MCL1 for ubiquitylation and destruction.
Alternatively activated macrophages produce catecholamines to sustain adaptive thermogenesis.
DICER1 deficit induces Alu RNA toxicity in age-related macular degeneration.
Temporal dynamics and genetic control of transcription in the human prefrontal cortex.
Mapping intact protein isoforms in discovery mode using top-down proteomics.
Biodiversity improves water quality through niche partitioning.
A seismic reflection image for the base of a tectonic plate.
Air pollution: Harmful soot spurs climate-policy action.
Plant sciences: Seeds and civilizations.
Interdisciplinary research by the numbers.
Metabolic coupling of two small-molecule thiols programs the biosynthesis of lincomycin A.
Polymers: Secrets from the deep sea.
Quantum physics: Two-atom bunching.
Stem cells: Emergency back-up for lung repair.
Biocontainment of genetically modified organisms by synthetic protein design.
A motor cortex circuit for motor planning and movement.
Secrets of successful stone-skipping.
Aquaculture: Fishing for trouble.
Bird song: superfast muscles control dove's trill.
Pigment chemistry: the red sweat of the hippopotamus.
TNF ligands (communication arising): Is TALL-1 a trimer or a virus-like cluster?.
Medicine: a cholesterol connection in RNAi.
Planetary science: On Earth, as it is on Mars?.
Palaeontology: Pterosaur egg with a leathery shell.
Causing a commotion.
Physiology: Orphan detectors of metabolism.
Toroidal dipolar response in a metamaterial.
Dendritic mechanisms underlying rapid synaptic activation of fast-spiking hippocampal interneurons.
Natural and sexual selection in a wild insect population.
Allosteric supramolecular triple-layer catalysts.
CoRoT reveals a magnetic activity cycle in a Sun-like star.
The dynamics of the onset of frictional slip.
SNP genotyping defines complex gene-flow boundaries among African malaria vector mosquitoes.
A peroxidase/dual oxidase system modulates midgut epithelial immunity in Anopheles gambiae.
Ion-mediated electron transfer in a supramolecular donor-acceptor ensemble.
Hydrogen mapping of the lunar south pole using the LRO neutron detector experiment LEND.
Genome-scale functional characterization of Drosophila developmental enhancers in vivo.
Nanotwinned diamond with unprecedented hardness and stability.
Mutant IDH inhibits HNF-4 [agr] to block hepatocyte differentiation and promote biliary cancer.
AhR sensing of bacterial pigments regulates antibacterial defence.
Bacterial phylogeny structures soil resistomes across habitats.
RIPK1 ensures intestinal homeostasis by protecting the epithelium against apoptosis.
Horizontal genome transfer as an asexual path to the formation of new species.
Impacts of the north and tropical Atlantic Ocean on the Antarctic Peninsula and sea ice.
Cell competition is a tumour suppressor mechanism in the thymus.
RNA G-quadruplexes cause eIF4A-dependent oncogene translation in cancer.
-Helical polymers from isocyanopeptides.
Prospects for human longevity.
Lack of replicative senescence in cultured rat oligodendrocyte precursor cells.
Inwardly rotating spiral waves in a reaction-diffusion system.
Hydrogen produced from hydrohalic acid solutions by a two-electron mixed-valence photocatalyst.
Human appropriation of photosynthesis products.
Independent and redundant information in nearby cortical neurons.
Capturing a photoexcited molecular structure through time-domain X-ray absorption fine structure.
Exponential gain and saturation of a self-amplified spontaneous emission free-electron laser.
Cooperation, control, and concession in meerkat groups.
Perspectives for vascular genomics.
Palaeobiology: the realms of Archaean life.
Impact factors aren't relevant to taxonomy.
Molecular electronics: pushing electrons around.
Ecology: nonlinearity and the Moran effect.
HfNd isotope evidence for a transient dynamic regime in the early terrestrial mantle.
Alzheimer's disease: Closing in on -secretase.
Cell biology: The specifics of membrane fusion.
Survival of the Irish elk into the Holocene.
Fine structure of bone in dinosaurs, birds and mammals.
Observation of the rare Bs (0)-> mu (+) mu (-) decay from the combined analysis of CMS and LHCb data.
Human intracellular ISG15 prevents interferon-[agr]/[bgr] over-amplification and auto-inflammation.
Broad CTL response is required to clear latent HIV-1 due to dominance of escape mutations.
Eyes on the ocean.
Conventional superconductivity at 203 kelvin at high pressures in the sulfur hydride system.
Endophilin-A2 functions in membrane scission in clathrin-independent endocytosis.
Defining the anthropocene.
New genetic loci link adipose and insulin biology to body fat distribution.
Homo erectus at Trinil on Java used shells for tool production and engraving.
Genetic compensation induced by deleterious mutations but not gene knockdowns.
A comprehensive analysis of proteinprotein interactions in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Central nervous system control of food intake.
Nano-sized transition-metal oxides as negative-electrode materials for lithium-ion batteries.
The large-scale organization of metabolic networks.
Shape control of CdSe nanocrystals.
The 21-nucleotide let-7 RNA regulates developmental timing in Caenorhabditis elegans.
The genetic legacy of the Quaternary ice ages.
Vascular-specific growth factors and blood vessel formation.
Normalizing mitochondrial superoxide production blocks three pathways of hyperglycaemic damage.
Systematic conservation planning.
Raptor nest decorations are a reliable threat against conspecifics.
Mismatch repair, but not heteroduplex rejection, is temporally coupled to DNA replication.
Ethical framework for biofuels.
Psychology's bold initiative.
A planar rhombic charge-separated tetrasilacyclobutadiene.
Structure of MyTH4-FERM domains in myosin VIIa tail bound to cargo.
Advancing global health research through digital technology and sharing data.
Lessons from Earth's past.
Self-recognition in social amoebae is mediated by allelic pairs of tiger genes.
Educational interventions to advance children's scientific thinking.
Recognition of small interfering RNA by a viral suppressor of RNA silencing.
Superconductivity phase diagram of NaxCoO2 1.3 H2O.
Consolidation during sleep of perceptual learning of spoken language.
Water-driven structure transformation in nanoparticles at room temperature.
An active DNA transposon family in rice.
Wnt-mediated axon guidance via the Drosophila Derailed receptor.
Targeted degradation of TOC1 by ZTL modulates circadian function in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Contributions of microbial biofilms to ecosystem processes in stream mesocosms.
An enhanced cosmic-ray flux towards  Persei inferred from a laboratory study of the H3&plus;e-recombination rate.
Electron cryo-microscopy shows how strong binding of myosin to actin releases nucleotide.
Mechanism-based target identification and drug discovery in cancer research.
Splitting the chromosome: cutting the ties that bind sister chromatids.
Surface expression of HLA-E, an inhibitor of natural killer cells, enhanced by human cytomegalovirus gpUL40.
Global analysis of the genetic network controlling a bacterial cell cycle.
Development of CD8-positive dendritic cells from a common myeloid progenitor.
The genetic program of hematopoietic stem cells.
Topologically linked protein rings in the bacteriophage HK97 capsid.
Internal structure and early thermal evolution of Mars from Mars Global Surveyor topography and gravity.
Efficient activation of aromatic CH bonds for addition to CC multiple bonds.
An archaeal iron-oxidizing extreme acidophile important in acid mine drainage.
Structure and composition of the plate-boundary slip zone for the 2011 Tohoku-Oki earthquake.
When metabolism and epigenetics converge.
Threats from India's Himalaya dams.
Risks of neonicotinoid pesticides.
Robust circadian oscillations in growing cyanobacteria require transcriptional feedback.
Precision spectroscopy of polarized molecules in an ion trap.
Parameter space compression underlies emergent theories and predictive models.
Deconstructing dimensionality.
A Radically Configurable Six-State Compound.
To favor survival under food shortage, the brain disables costly memory.
Towards taxonomy's' glorious revolution'.
Extrasolar planets.
Biodiversity: Bacterial game dynamics.
Cancer research: On the offensive.
Human genetics: Dual identities.
Physiology: unhealthy surprises.
Structural biology: a molecular propeller.
Unravelling the signal-transduction network in B lymphocytes.
The genome's guiding hand.
Fear memories require protein synthesis in the amygdala for reconsolidation after retrieval.
Vanilloid receptor-1 is essential for inflammatory thermal hyperalgesia.
Nitride semiconductors free of electrostatic fields for efficient white light-emitting diodes.
Flk1-positive cells derived from embryonic stem cells serve as vascular progenitors.
DNA sequence of both chromosomes of the cholera pathogen Vibrio cholerae.
Gain-assisted superluminal light propagation.
Mitochondrial genome variation and the origin of modern humans.
Cloned pigs produced by nuclear transfer from adult somatic cells.
Direct oxidation of hydrocarbons in a solid-oxide fuel cell.
Interaction of oestrogen receptor with the regulatory subunit of phosphatidylinositol-3-OH kinase.
Structural biology: the ins and outs of drug transport.
Family tragedy spotlights flu mutations.
Materials science: Qubits in the pink.
Biochar and biofuels for a brighter future.
[C] Anti-evolutionists raise their profile in Europe..
Molecular biology: RNA lost in translation.
Stem cells: good, bad and reformable.
Ecology: moving to the ideal free home.
Reducing the burden of HIV/AIDS in infants: the contribution of improved diagnostics.
Parasitology: parasite survives predation on its host.
The centromere paradox: stable inheritance with rapidly evolving DNA.
The human nuclear xenobiotic receptor PXR: structural determinants of directed promiscuity.
The genome of the natural genetic engineer Agrobacterium tumefaciens C58.
Mechanism of actin-based motility.
A gene expression map for Caenorhabditis elegans.
RNA silencing in plants--defense and counterdefense.
A role for flavin monooxygenase-like enzymes in auxin biosynthesis.
Regulation of clock and NPAS2 DNA binding by the redox state of NAD cofactors.
Ultrathin single-crystalline silver nanowire arrays formed in an ambient solution phase.
Simultaneous binding of PtdIns (4, 5) P2 and clathrin by AP180 in the nucleation of clathrin lattices on membranes.
Multicompartment mesoporous silica nanoparticles with branched shapes: An epitaxial growth mechanism.
Can rating pre-K programs predict children's learning.
Polyploids exhibit higher potassium uptake and salinity tolerance in Arabidopsis.
Achieving the convention on biological diversity's goals for plant conservation.
Stress state in the largest displacement area of the 2011 Tohoku-Oki earthquake.
Pou5f1 transcription factor controls zygotic gene activation in vertebrates.
The COMPASS subunit Spp1 links histone methylation to initiation of meiotic recombination.
Direct determination of absolute molecular stereochemistry in gas phase by Coulomb explosion imaging.
Structural basis for hijacking of cellular LxxLL motifs by papillomavirus E6 oncoproteins.
Structural basis for effector control and redox partner recognition in cytochrome P450.
Superconductivity in two-dimensional CoO2 layers.
Cell fusion is the principal source of bone-marrow-derived hepatocytes.
Fusion of bone-marrow-derived cells with Purkinje neurons, cardiomyocytes and hepatocytes.
Bmi-1 is required for maintenance of adult self-renewing haematopoietic stem cells.
A DNA damage checkpoint response in telomere-initiated senescence.
Developmental regulation of the growth plate.
Action video game modifies visual selective attention.
Emergence of a molecular BoseEinstein condensate from a Fermi gas.
The male-specific region of the human Y chromosome is a mosaic of discrete sequence classes.
IGF-1 receptor regulates lifespan and resistance to oxidative stress in mice.
Sae2 promotes dsDNA endonuclease activity within Mre11-Rad50-Xrs2 to resect DNA breaks.
Eutrophication weakens stabilizing effects of diversity in natural grasslands.
Structural basis of the alternating-access mechanism in a bile acid transporter.
Enhancer hijacking activates GFI1 family oncogenes in medulloblastoma.
Sessile alveolar macrophages communicate with alveolar epithelium to modulate immunity.
[C] Policy: How to regulate faecal transplants..
Credit where credit is due.
Principles of regulatory information conservation between mouse and human.
Sensory stimulation shifts visual cortex from synchronous to asynchronous states.
Targeting transcription regulation in cancer with a covalent CDK7 inhibitor.
mTOR and Human Aging.
Intracellular pH gradient guides cells.
Milk needs Orai1.
Inflammation resolution: A solution for advanced atherosclerosis.
Donor monocytes suppress graft-versus-host disease.
Slit halts muscles.
Science Signaling Podcast: 31 March 2015.
Science Signaling Podcast: 26 May 2015.
Limiting metastasis with tRNA fragments.
Quantitative mass spectrometry of posttranslational modifications: Keys to confidence.
Rapid evolution of a native species following invasion by a congener.
Crystal structure of elongation factor 4 bound to a clockwise ratcheted ribosome.
Sulfate was a trace constituent of Archean seawater.
Transcriptional diversity during lineage commitment of human blood progenitors.
Reducing sewer corrosion through integrated urban water management.
Complex evolutionary trajectories of sex chromosomes across bird taxa.
Neutron cryo-crystallography captures the protonation state of ferryl heme in a peroxidase.
Construction of a vertebrate embryo from two opposing morphogen gradients.
Harnessing naturally occurring data to measure the response of spending to income.
Coherent imaging spectroscopy of a quantum many-body spin system.
Neuronal pathway from the liver modulates energy expenditure and systemic insulin sensitivity.
A regulatory SNP causes a human genetic disease by creating a new transcriptional promoter.
The embryonic vertebrate heart tube is a dynamic suction pump.
Gender differences in patenting in the academic life sciences.
Variability in nocturnal nitrogen oxide processing and its role in regional air quality.
Resolving the motional modes that code for RNA adaptation.
Molecular sorting by electrical steering of microtubules in kinesin-coated channels.
Boryllithium: isolation, characterization, and reactivity as a boryl anion.
Exploiting the reversibility of natural product glycosyltransferase-catalyzed reactions.
A model for madness?.
Animal communication: ground squirrel uses ultrasonic alarms.
Animal behaviour: use of dung as a tool by burrowing owls.
Natural proportions.
RNA interference: human genes hit the big screen.
Perceived luminance depends on temporal context.
Analysing the 18111812 New Madrid earthquakes with recent instrumentally recorded aftershocks.
Managing fisheries in a changing climate.
The blame game.
Energy: Nuclear power's new dawn.
Evolution of responses to (un) fairness.
Simultaneous ground-and space-based observations of the plasmaspheric plume and reconnection.
Structural basis for a pH-sensitive calcium leak across membranes.
Local reorganization of xanthophores fine-tunes and colors the striped pattern of zebrafish.
Genomic structure in Europeans dating back at least 36,200 years.
A critical time window for dopamine actions on the structural plasticity of dendritic spines.
A single-stranded architecture for cotranscriptional folding of RNA nanostructures.
An electronic quantum eraser.
Evidence for interstellar origin of seven dust particles collected by the Stardust spacecraft.
Single-Crystal Linear Polymers Through Visible LightTriggered Topochemical Quantitative Polymerization.
Electrically switchable chiral light-emitting transistor.
Single-cell genomics reveals hundreds of coexisting subpopulations in wild Prochlorococcus.
Whole-genome analyses resolve early branches in the tree of life of modern birds.
Ligand-Controlled C (sp3)H Arylation and Olefination in Synthesis of Unnatural Chiral Amino Acids.
Emerging principles for the therapeutic exploitation of glycosylation.
World population stabilization unlikely this century.
A million spiking-neuron integrated circuit with a scalable communication network and interface.
Hippocampal neurogenesis regulates forgetting during adulthood and infancy.
Edge nonlinear optics on a MoS2 atomic monolayer.
Neuronal activity promotes oligodendrogenesis and adaptive myelination in the mammalian brain.
Stem cells: Troublesome memories.
Vertical extension of the subglacial drainage system into basal crevasses.
Mantle superplasticity and its self-made demise.
xnd-1 regulates the global recombination landscape in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Telomeres avoid end detection by severing the checkpoint signal transduction pathway.
Global change: The ocean is warming, isn't it?.
Two enzymes bound to one transfer RNA assume alternative conformations for consecutive reactions.
Short-lived campaigns are not enough.
Obesity: New life for antidiabetic drugs.
Clinical immunology: Culprits with evolutionary ties.
Two levels of protection for the B cell genome during somatic hypermutation.
Switching on and off fear by distinct neuronal circuits.
Misfolded proteins partition between two distinct quality control compartments.
A common mass scale for satellite galaxies of the Milky Way.
Defective tryptophan catabolism underlies inflammation in mouse chronic granulomatous disease.
Improper ferroelectricity in perovskite oxide artificial superlattices.
The inner jet of an active galactic nucleus as revealed by a radio-to-&ggr;-ray outburst.
Loss of plant species after chronic low-level nitrogen deposition to prairie grasslands.
Translating molecular discoveries into new therapies for atherosclerosis.
Carbonheteroatom bond formation catalysed by organometallic complexes.
Ectodermal Wnt function as a neural crest inducer.
Development of one-dimensional band structure in artificial gold chains.
Parthenogenetic stem cells in nonhuman primates.
Mechanisms of AIF-mediated apoptotic DNA degradation in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Composition and formation of intercellular junctions in epithelial cells.
Climate change and latitudinal patterns of intertidal thermal stress.
Influence of gene action across different time scales on behavior.
Mapping the one-dimensional electronic states of nanotube peapod structures.
Arsenic epidemiology and drinking water standards.
Life's complexity pyramid.
Dipeptidyl peptidase 4 is a functional receptor for the emerging human coronavirus-EMC.
Cloning of Dirac fermions in graphene superlattices.
Hofstadter/'s butterfly and the fractal quantum Hall effect in moire superlattices.
Sodium chloride drives autoimmune disease by the induction of pathogenic TH17 cells.
Enhanced nitrogen deposition over China.
Mesoporous TiO2 single crystals delivering enhanced mobility and optoelectronic device performance.
The causes and consequences of genetic heterogeneity in cancer evolution.
NLRP3 is activated in Alzheimer/'s disease and contributes to pathology in APP/PS1 mice.
An ultra-lightweight design for imperceptible plastic electronics.
Heralded entanglement between solid-state qubits separated by three metres.
Bond-controlled configurational entropy reduction in chemical vitrification.
Mesoscopic superconductor as a ballistic quantum switch.
Reproductive immunology: Immunity's pregnant pause.
Betting on tomorrow's chips.
Chemical communication: Mellifluous matures to malodorous in musth.
Superconductivity: Putting the squeeze on lithium.
Climate science: The investment forecast.
Cancer: new-age tumour suppressors.
Mantle compensation of active metamorphic core complexes at Woodlark rift in Papua New Guinea.
Archaeoraptor's better half.
Reduced expression of Dicer associated with poor prognosis in lung cancer patients.
Rapid, Estrogen ReceptorMediated Signaling: Why Is the Endothelium So Special?.
Ubiquitin chains in the ladder of MAPK signaling.
Robust enrichment of phosphorylated species in complex mixtures by sequential protein and peptide metal-affinity chromatography and analysis by tandem mass  .
Mesenchymal stem cells (MSC) as therapeutic cytoreagents for gene therapy.
Membrane resealing: synaptotagmin VII keeps running the show.
Chemokines in tumor progression and metastasis.
Aberrant methylations in cancer cells: where do they come from?.
Roles of membranetype matrix metalloproteinase1 in tumor invasion and metastasis.
Quantum dot-based cell motility assay.
Magmatic dike resonances inferred from very-long-period seismic signals.
Experience-dependent plasticity for auditory processing in a raptor.
The BRCT domain: Signaling with friends?.
Marsupial origins.
Prehistoric GM corn.
Response to Comment on 14C Dates from Tel Rehov: Iron-Age Chronology, Pharaohs, and Hebrew Kings.
Two hard-hit countries offer rare success stories: Thailand & Cambodia.
Seeing red.
Deciding the future of GM crops in Europe.
Research on aging: the end of the beginning.
Pandemic H1N1 and the 2009 Hajj.
The speaking brain.
How river beds move.
Einstein's theory of gravity and the problem of missing mass.
A dimeric structure for archaeal box C/D small ribonucleoproteins.
Two thresholds, three male forms result in facultative male trimorphism in beetles.
Anatomic demarcation of cells: genes to patterns.
Darwin's originality.
Amid worrisome signs of warming,'climate fatigue'sets in.
Creationist beliefs persist in Europe.
Cascading effects of bird functional extinction reduce pollination and plant density.
Hibernation in black bears: independence of metabolic suppression from body temperature.
Mechanistic basis of resistance to PCBs in Atlantic tomcod from the Hudson River.
Observation of half-height magnetization steps in Sr2RuO4.
The Buttermilk Creek complex and the origins of Clovis at the Debra L. Friedkin site, Texas.
A radically different mechanism for S-AdenosylmethionineDependent methyltransferases.
The visual impact of gossip.
Adult neural function requires MeCP2.
Silica-like malleable materials from permanent organic networks.
Discovery of a viral NLR homolog that inhibits the inflammasome.
Neural activity in human hippocampal formation reveals the spatial context of retrieved memories.
Neural basis of a pollinator's buffet: olfactory specialization and learning in Manduca sexta.
Phase MismatchFree Nonlinear Propagation in Optical Zero-Index Materials.
Holographic vortex liquids and superfluid turbulence.
Geometric catalysis of membrane fission driven by flexible dynamin rings.
Teaching metathesis simple stereochemistry.
The human malaria parasite Pfs47 gene mediates evasion of the mosquito immune system.
Annually resolved ice core records of tropical climate variability over the past~ 1800 years.
Hydrogen-nitrogen greenhouse warming in Earth's early atmosphere.
Fruit flies medicate offspring after seeing parasites.
Medical research: trial unpredictability yields predictable therapy gains.
Discrete clouds of neutral gas between the galaxies M31 and M33.
Multi-periodic pulsations of a stripped red-giant star in an eclipsing binary system.
Non-chondritic sulphur isotope composition of the terrestrial mantle.
A stable transcription factor complex nucleated by oligomeric AML1-ETO controls leukaemogenesis.
HIV: Roadmaps to a vaccine.
Rapid, climate-driven changes in outlet glaciers on the Pacific coast of East Antarctica.
Water and hydrogen are immiscible in Earth/'s mantle.
Solar physics: The planetary hypothesis revived.
After Einstein: scientific genius is extinct.
Development of a human adaptive immune system in cord blood cell-transplanted mice.
Evolutionary dynamics of biological games.
Rapid rewiring of arcuate nucleus feeding circuits by leptin.
A molecular elevator.
Matching behavior and the representation of value in the parietal cortex.
Nanotubular highways for intercellular organelle transport.
Multicompartment micelles from ABC miktoarm stars in water.
Complete genome sequence of the apicomplexan, Cryptosporidium parvum.
Toward a systems approach to understanding plant cell walls.
Elastic behavior of cross-linked and bundled actin networks.
Molecular evolution: A single birth of all plastids?.
Archaeology: Detecting milk proteins in ancient pots.
Molecular dynamics: Optical control of reactions.
Methane combustion: durable catalysts for cleaner air.
Seeking the great transition.
Determining the temperature of petroleum formation from the kinetic properties of petroleum asphaltenes.
A green chapter in the book of life.
Biomechanics: penguin waddling is not wasteful.
Ecophysiology: Penguin fathers preserve food for their chicks.
Fossiliferous Lana'i deposits formed by multiple events rather than a single giant tsunami.
Exotic Earths: Forming habitable worlds with giant planet migration.
Notch, a universal arbiter of cell fate decisions.
New strategies for the elimination of polio from India.
50-Ma initiation of Hawaiian-Emperor bend records major change in Pacific plate motion.
An architectural framework that may lie at the core of the postsynaptic density.
Deep mixing of 3He: reconciling Big Bang and stellar nucleosynthesis.
High-resolution thin-film device to sense texture by touch.
A swimming mammaliaform from the Middle Jurassic and ecomorphological diversification of early mammals.
Molecular phylogeny and evolution of morphology in the social amoebas.
N-linked glycosylation of folded proteins by the bacterial oligosaccharyltransferase.
Molecular basis of transmembrane signalling by sensory rhodopsin IItransducer complex.
Nanotechnology: wired for success.
The ELF4 gene controls circadian rhythms and flowering time in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Microbiology: eukaryotic diversity in Spain's River of Fire.
A mitochondrial remnant in the microsporidian Trachipleistophora hominis.
SINAT5 promotes ubiquitin-related degradation of NAC1 to attenuate auxin signals.
Cellular abstractions: Cells as computation.
The emerging conceptual framework of evolutionary developmental biology.
Observation of stimulated emission by direct three-photon excitation.
Origins and estimates of uncertainty in predictions of twenty-first century temperature rise.
New proteases in a ubiquitin stew.
Yucca mountain.
[C] The future of medicine.
[C] The Anopheles genome and comparative insect genomics.
Groundwater flow in the Ganges Delta.
Satisfied with physics.
Clinical trials and industry.
Antibody design by man and nature.
Incredible journeys.
Electron microscopic characterization of silver nanowire arrays.
Second-harmonic generation from magnetic metamaterials.
Alterations in 5-HT1B receptor function by p11 in depression-like states.
Simulating Arctic climate warmth and icefield retreat in the last interglaciation.
Social modulation of pain as evidence for empathy in mice.
Out of the tropics: evolutionary dynamics of the latitudinal diversity gradient.
Crystal structure of glycoprotein B from herpes simplex virus 1.
Measurement of the entanglement of two superconducting qubits via state tomography.
Language control in the bilingual brain.
Near-field microscopy through a SiC superlens.
Optical signatures of coupled quantum dots.
Crystal structure of sensory rhodopsin II at 2.4 angstroms: insights into color tuning and transducer interaction.
The role of Br2 and BrCl in surface ozone destruction at polar sunrise.
Apoptotic molecular machinery: vastly increased complexity in vertebrates revealed by genome comparisons.
Extremely large variations of atmospheric 14C concentration during the last glacial period.
Intracellular anions as the voltage sensor of prestin, the outer hair cell motor protein.
Dynamics of water molecules in aqueous solvation shells.
Induction of apoptosis by a secreted lipocalin that is transcriptionally regulated by IL-3 deprivation.
Factors that alter rumen microbial ecology.
Direct interaction of Arabidopsis cryptochromes with COP1 in light control development.
Oscillations in Phanerozoic seawater chemistry: evidence from fluid inclusions.
Behaviour: smells, brains and hormones.
Developing space weathering on the asteroid 25143 Itokawa.
Materials science: Organosilica the conciliator.
2020 Computing: Exceeding human limits.
The puzzle of cooperation.
London's disastrous drug trial has serious side effects for research.
Extinctions: a message from the frogs.
Gene therapy: is IL2RG oncogenic in T-cell development?.
Animal communication: complex call production in the tngara frog.
Photochemistry: lighting up nanomachines.
Two-dimensional gas of massless Dirac fermions in graphene.
Experimental observation of the quantum Hall effect and Berry's phase in graphene.
MicroRNA expression profiles classify human cancers.
Genome sequencing in microfabricated high-density picolitre reactors.
Microarray analysis shows that some microRNAs downregulate large numbers of target mRNAs.
A haplotype map of the human genome.
Uncovering the overlapping community structure of complex networks in nature and society.
Simulations of the formation, evolution and clustering of galaxies and quasars.
A microRNA polycistron as a potential human oncogene.
Silencing of microRNAs in vivo with 'antagomirs'.
Queen succession through asexual reproduction in termites.
Atmospheric sulfur in Archean komatiite-hosted nickel deposits.
Pollination and restoration.
The bent Hawaiian-Emperor hotspot track: Inheriting the mantle wind.
Draxin, a repulsive guidance protein for spinal cord and forebrain commissures.
Antennal circadian clocks coordinate sun compass orientation in migratory monarch butterflies.
Mining our reality.
As swine flu circles globe, scientists grapple with basic questions.
Social transmission of a host defense against cuckoo parasitism.
Cohesive forces prevent the rotational breakup of rubble-pile asteroid (29075) 1950 DA.
The genetics of monarch butterfly migration and warning colouration.
Velocity anti-correlation of diametrically opposed galaxy satellites in the low-redshift Universe.
High-fat-diet-mediated dysbiosis promotes intestinal carcinogenesis independently of obesity.
Binary orbits as the driver of [ggr]-ray emission and mass ejection in classical novae.
Efficient rotational cooling of Coulomb-crystallized molecular ions by a helium buffer gas.
Interrogating selectivity in catalysis using molecular vibrations.
A microbial ecosystem beneath the West Antarctic ice sheet.
Ribosomal oxygenases are structurally conserved from prokaryotes to humans.
Somagermline interactions coordinate homeostasis and growth in the Drosophila gonad.
Fractal analysis: revisiting Pollock's drip paintings.
Evolution of cooperative strategies from first principles.
Mitochondrial disease: powerhouse of disease.
The trans-neptunian object UB313 is larger than Pluto.
A late Miocene dust shower from the break-up of an asteroid in the main belt.
Molecular spectroscopy: Complexity of excited-state dynamics in DNA (Reply).
Geological and palaeontological context of a Pliocene juvenile hominin at Dikika, Ethiopia.
Isotopic enhancements of 17O and 18O from solar wind particles in the lunar regolith.
Developing and interpreting models to improve diagnostics in developing countries.
Dominant-negative mutations in the DNA-binding domain of STAT3 cause hyper-IgE syndrome.
A central integrator of transcription networks in plant stress and energy signalling.
Toll-like receptor signalling in macrophages links the autophagy pathway to phagocytosis.
Lateral habenula as a source of negative reward signals in dopamine neurons.
Indirect radiative forcing of climate change through ozone effects on the land-carbon sink.
Scratching the surface of skin development.
Revisiting Lvy flight search patterns of wandering albatrosses, bumblebees and deer.
The common biology of cancer and ageing.
Entanglement of single-atom quantum bits at a distance.
Strong atomfield coupling for BoseEinstein condensates in an optical cavity on a chip.
Life without rnase p.
Prolonged suppression of ecosystem carbon dioxide uptake after an anomalously warm year.
Formation of current coils in geodynamo simulations.
Slow dust in Enceladus' plume from condensation and wall collisions in tiger stripe fractures.
Seismogenic lavas and explosive eruption forecasting.
things to know before jumping on the iPS bandwagon.
Evidence for seismogenic fracture of silicic magma.
Effects of acoustic waves on stickslip in granular media and implications for earthquakes.
Being human: Conflict: Altruism's midwife.
Low conservation of gene content in the Drosophila Y chromosome.
Force generation by mammalian hair bundles supports a role in cochlear amplification.
Unscrambling hepatitis C virushost interactions.
An induced-fit mechanism to promote peptide bond formation and exclude hydrolysis of peptidyl-tRNA.
The BRCA2 homologue Brh2 nucleates RAD51 filament formation at a dsDNAssDNA junction.
Hypomethylation-linked activation of PAX2 mediates tamoxifen-stimulated endometrial carcinogenesis.
Water content in the transition zone from electrical conductivity of wadsleyite and ringwoodite.
Eocene bipolar glaciation associated with global carbon cycle changes.
Sexual reproduction between partners of the same mating type in Cryptococcus neoformans.
Imaging the Indian subcontinent beneath the Himalaya.
Reinforcement drives rapid allopatric speciation.
Corrigendum: global quantification of mammalian gene expression control.
A gustatory receptor paralogue controls rapid warmth avoidance in Drosophila.
RAS-MAPK-MSK1 pathway modulates ataxin 1 protein levels and toxicity in SCA1.
Crystal structure of the 14-subunit RNA polymerase I.
Transport dynamics in a glutamate transporter homologue.
Avoiding chromosome pathology when replication forks collide.
Citizen science: amateur experts.
Lifespan of mountain ranges scaled by feedbacks between landsliding and erosion by rivers.
The same frequency of planets inside and outside open clusters of stars.
Materials science: The gift of healing.
Biogeochemistry: nitrous oxide in flux.
Citations: poor practices by authors reduce their value.
Deformation and rupture of the oceanic crust may control growth of Hawaiian volcanoes.
Planetary science: Organic lakes on Titan.
Science & music: Lost in music.
Domination of heliosheath pressure by shock-accelerated pickup ions from observations of neutral atoms.
Device physics: Nanowires' display of potential.
Immunology: T cells hang in the balance.
Making the grade.
Bright and dark polar deposits on Mercury: Evidence for surface volatiles.
Evidence for two distinct populations of type Ia supernovae.
Electromagnetic energy conversion at reconnection fronts.
Mitochondrial replacement, evolution, and the clinic.
Titration of four replication factors is essential for the Xenopus laevis midblastula transition.
Femtosecond visualization of lattice dynamics in shock-compressed matter.
Understanding neurocognitive developmental disorders can improve education for all.
Expanding the fluorine chemistry of living systems using engineered polyketide synthase pathways.
Loss of function of the melanocortin 2 receptor accessory protein 2 is associated with mammalian obesity.
The invasive chytrid fungus of amphibians paralyzes lymphocyte responses.
The genetic landscape of a cell.
Long noncoding RNA as modular scaffold of histone modification complexes.
Limits of predictability in human mobility.
Structures of the CXCR4 chemokine GPCR with small-molecule and cyclic peptide antagonists.
Regulation of adaptive immunity by the innate immune system.
Extending healthy life spanfrom yeast to humans.
Kepler planet-detection mission: introduction and first results.
Metabolic syndrome and altered gut microbiota in mice lacking Toll-like receptor 5.
Materials and mechanics for stretchable electronics.
Atomic-level characterization of the structural dynamics of proteins.
An unexpected specialization for horizontal disparity in primate primary visual cortex.
Observation of conformation-specific pathways in the photodissociation of 1-iodopropane ions.
Dynamics of ATP-dependent chromatin assembly by ACF.
Pest control: Caffeine as a repellent for slugs and snails.
Senescence: rapid and costly ageing in wild male flies.
A primitive fish close to the common ancestor of tetrapods and lungfish.
A 20-km-diameter multi-ringed impact structure in the North Sea.
Functional relationship of cytochrome c6 and plastocyanin in Arabidopsis.
Ageing: The price of tumour suppression?.
Oogenesis: Maturation of mouse fetal germ cells in vitro.
Impact of undergraduate science course innovations on learning.
Antagonists induce a conformational change in cIAP1 that promotes autoubiquitination.
The role of carbon dioxide during the onset of Antarctic glaciation.
Three-dimensional model of Salmonella's needle complex at subnanometer resolution.
Interplay between changing climate and species' ecology drives macroevolutionary dynamics.
Suppression of avian influenza transmission in genetically modified chickens.
A 15N-poor isotopic composition for the solar system as shown by Genesis solar wind samples.
Inducing sleep by remote control facilitates memory consolidation in Drosophila.
Structural basis of silencing: Sir3 BAH domain in complex with a nucleosome at 3.0  resolution.
A cultured greigite-producing magnetotactic bacterium in a novel group of sulfate-reducing bacteria.
Multiplex genome engineering using CRISPR/Cas systems.
RNA-guided human genome engineering via Cas9.
Cancer genome landscapes.
The chemistry and applications of metal-organic frameworks.
Electron-hole diffusion lengths exceeding 1 micrometer in an organometal trihalide perovskite absorber.
Carbon nanotubes: present and future commercial applications.
Long-range balanced electron-and hole-transport lengths in organic-inorganic CH3NH3PbI3.
A massive pulsar in a compact relativistic binary.
High-resolution global maps of 21st-century forest cover change.
Cyclic GMP-AMP synthase is a cytosolic DNA sensor that activates the type I interferon pathway.
Exploration of molecular dynamics during transient sorption of fluids in mesoporous materials.
Superconductivity in doped cubic silicon.
Sexual reproduction selects for robustness and negative epistasis in artificial gene networks.
Facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy in mice overexpressing FRG1.
Epigenetics: unfinished symphony.
Intrasexual competition and sexual selection in cooperative mammals.
Specificity in Toll-like receptor signalling through distinct effector functions of TRAF3 and TRAF6.
Three-dimensional structure of the myosin V inhibited state by cryoelectron tomography.
Hexagonal nanoporous germanium through surfactant-driven self-assembly of Zintl clusters.
Rapid developmental switch in the mechanisms driving early cortical columnar networks.
Environmental noise retards auditory cortical development.
Invertebrate ecological immunology.
A mule cloned from fetal cells by nuclear transfer.
Impacts of fine root turnover on forest NPP and soil C sequestration potential.
Single-molecule measurement of protein folding kinetics.
Stability of retrieved memory: inverse correlation with trace dominance.
Sustained microtubule treadmilling in Arabidopsis cortical arrays.
Scanning probe evolution in biology.
Structural dynamics of eukaryotic chromosome evolution.
Chromosome choreography: the meiotic ballet.
Architecture of ribonucleoprotein complexes in influenza A virus particles.
Mechanism of DNA translocation in a replicative hexameric helicase.
Phospholipids and the origin of cationic gating charges in voltage sensors.
Mitoferrin is essential for erythroid iron assimilation.
The twentieth century was the wettest period in northern Pakistan over the past millennium.
Deregulation of a Ca2&plus;/calmodulin-dependent kinase leads to spontaneous nodule development.
Protein phosphatase 2A protects centromeric sister chromatid cohesion during meiosis I.
Designed divergent evolution of enzyme function.
The depolymerizing kinesin MCAK uses lattice diffusion to rapidly target microtubule ends.
From molecule to malady.
Radiocarbon variability in the western North Atlantic during the last deglaciation.
Membrane insertion of a potassium-channel voltage sensor.
Cassini radar views the surface of Titan.
Chaperone activity of protein O-fucosyltransferase 1 promotes notch receptor folding.
Homeward sound.
Vertebrate-type intron-rich genes in the marine annelid Platynereis dumerilii.
Tryptophan 7-halogenase (PrnA) structure suggests a mechanism for regioselective chlorination.
A flying start, then a slow slip.
Metal-insulator transition in disordered two-dimensional electron systems.
Cassini magnetometer observations during Saturn orbit insertion.
Synchronous deglacial overturning and water mass source changes.
Essential regulation of CNS angiogenesis by the orphan G proteincoupled receptor GPR124.
Dynamic Ca2+-dependent stimulation of vesicle fusion by membrane-anchored synaptotagmin 1.
Plants integrate information about nutrients and neighbors.
Electromechanical computing at 500 C with silicon carbide.
Strange metal transport realized by gauge/gravity duality.
Observation of the magnon Hall effect.
Sea-level highstand 81,000 years ago in Mallorca.
Water freezes differently on positively and negatively charged surfaces of pyroelectric materials.
Oxygen doping modifies near-infrared band gaps in fluorescent single-walled carbon nanotubes.
Reversible redox energy coupling in electron transfer chains.
Increased seasonality in Middle East temperatures during the last interglacial period.
Trichomonas hydrogenosomes contain the NADH dehydrogenase module of mitochondrial complex I.
A non-B-DNA structure at the Bcl-2 major breakpoint region is cleaved by the RAG complex.
The ultimate speed of magnetic switching in granular recording media.
Insight into steroid scaffold formation from the structure of human oxidosqualene cyclase.
Early brain growth in Homo erectus and implications for cognitive ability.
Polysaccharide aggregation as a potential sink of marine dissolved organic carbon.
Control of phyllotaxy by the cytokinin-inducible response regulator homologue ABPHYL1.
Phenotypic consequences of 1,000 generations of selection at elevated CO2 in a green alga.
Granular media: Information propagation.
No oceans on Titan from the absence of a near-infrared specular reflection.
The chemical structure of the Hawaiian mantle plume.
Race against time.
Mesozoic Alpine facies deposition as a result of past latitudinal plate motion.
DNA microarrays: more than gene expression.
Our chimpanzee mind.
Meteorology: Dusty ice clouds over Alaska.
Cell biology: without a raft.
The pelvic fin and girdle of Panderichthys and the origin of tetrapod locomotion.
Genome-wide association study of 14,000 cases of seven common diseases and 3,000 shared controls.
Generation of germline-competent induced pluripotent stem cells.
Identification and analysis of functional elements in 1% of the human genome by the ENCODE pilot project.
A second generation human haplotype map of over 3.1 million SNPs.
A human colon cancer cell capable of initiating tumour growth in immunodeficient mice.
Identification and expansion of human colon-cancer-initiating cells.
The structure of suspended graphene sheets.
Genome-wide maps of chromatin state in pluripotent and lineage-committed cells.
In vitro reprogramming of fibroblasts into a pluripotent ES-cell-like state.
Identification of the transforming EML4ALK fusion gene in non-small-cell lung cancer.
NO is necessary and sufficient for egg activation at fertilization.
Digital selection and analogue amplification coexist in a cortex-inspired silicon circuit.
Quality of the fossil record through time.
Cell biology: risky immortalization by telomerase.
Cooler winters as a possible cause of mass extinctions at the Eocene/Oligocene boundary.
LAG-3 is a putative transcriptional activator in the C. elegans Notch pathway.
Ecosystems: Coral bleach-out in Belize.
Energy for microbial life on Europa.
Precise climate monitoring using complementary satellite data sets.
Natural selection: evolution of lifespan in C. elegans.
More extreme swings of the South Pacific convergence zone due to greenhouse warming.
Identification of a rudimentary neural crest in a non-vertebrate chordate.
Generation of scaled protogalactic seed magnetic fields in laser-produced shock waves.
A tumour suppressor network relying on the polyamine-hypusine axis.
Tissue factor and PAR1 promote microbiota-induced intestinal vascular remodelling.
Modulation of TRPA1 thermal sensitivity enables sensory discrimination in Drosophila.
The diet of Australopithecus sediba.
Continuous gas-phase synthesis of nanowires with tunable properties.
Superallowed Gamow-Teller decay of the doubly magic nucleus 100Sn.
Two stellar-mass black holes in the globular cluster M22.
Immersive interfaces for engagement and learning.
Ultrasmooth patterned metals for plasmonics and metamaterials.
White phosphorus is air-stable within a self-assembled tetrahedral capsule.
A meta-selective copper-catalyzed CH bond arylation.
Unexpected epoxide formation in the gas-phase photooxidation of isoprene.
Preferential generation of follicular B helper T cells from Foxp3+ T cells in gut Peyer's patches.
Partitioning recent Greenland mass loss.
Foundations for a new science of learning.
A first-generation haplotype map of maize.
Measurement of the elastic properties and intrinsic strength of monolayer graphene.
Use of US croplands for biofuels increases greenhouse gases through emissions from land-use change.
Fine structure constant defines visual transparency of graphene.
Chemically derived, ultrasmooth graphene nanoribbon semiconductors.
An integrated genomic analysis of human glioblastoma multiforme.
Land clearing and the biofuel carbon debt.
Spreading dead zones and consequences for marine ecosystems.
Core signaling pathways in human pancreatic cancers revealed by global genomic analyses.
High-thermoelectric performance of nanostructured bismuth antimony telluride bulk alloys.
A global map of human impact on marine ecosystems.
Primary electronic thermometry using the shot noise of a tunnel junction.
Ice core records of atmospheric N2O covering the last 106,000 years.
Recombinant antibodies to the small GTPase Rab6 as conformation sensors.
Anomalous nitrogen isotope ratio in comets.
Local selection and latitudinal variation in a marine predator-prey interaction.
Ocean freshening, sea level rising.
Comment on" Determination of Deforestation Rates of the World's Humid Tropical Forests".
Flexible retinotopy: motion-dependent position coding in the visual cortex.
Robust normal mode constraints on inner-core anisotropy from model space search.
The archaeology of Ushki Lake, Kamchatka, and the Pleistocene peopling of the Americas.
Drosophila and the genetics of the internal milieu.
Environmental science: nitrogen impacts on forest carbon.
Technology: biometric recognition.
Dscam2 mediates axonal tiling in the Drosophila visual system.
Chlorine isotope homogeneity of the mantle, crust and carbonaceous chondrites.
The demise of the lone author.
Cell biology: aneuploidy and cancer.
Molecular basis of RNA-dependent RNA polymerase II activity.
RNA-templated DNA repair.
Peptide bond formation destabilizes ShineDalgarno interaction on the ribosome.
Tumorigenic transformation by CPI-17 through inhibition of a merlin phosphatase.
Stratified prokaryote network in the oxicanoxic transition of a deep-sea halocline.
Fast vesicle reloading and a large pool sustain high bandwidth transmission at a central synapse.
Infall of gas as the formation mechanism of stars up to 20 times more massive than the Sun.
Resonance in the electron-doped high-transition-temperature superconductor Pr0. 88LaCe0. 12CuO4-.
Physiology: obesity and gut flora.
Enantioselective silyl protection of alcohols catalysed by an amino-acid-based small molecule.
A magnetically collimated jet from an evolved star.
Structural insights into yeast septin organization from polarized fluorescence microscopy.
A deep dynamo generating Mercury's magnetic field.
Embedded nanostructures revealed in three dimensions.
Anticonvulsant medications extend worm life-span.
How did cooperative behavior evolve?.
Phylogenetic MCMC algorithms are misleading on mixtures of trees.
Playing nature's game with artificial muscles.
Exploring microbial diversity--A vast below.
Swimming against the flow: a mechanism of zooplankton aggregation.
Warming of the Eurasian landmass is making the Arabian Sea more productive.
Spectral reflectance and morphologic correlations in eastern Terra Meridiani, Mars.
Parent volatiles in comet 9P/Tempel 1: Before and after impact.
Dynamic interactions of cyclic AMP transients and spontaneous Ca2&plus; spikes.
Millennial-scale storminess variability in the northeastern United States during the Holocene epoch.
The morphogenesis of feathers.
Phospholipase C1 is a physiological guanine nucleotide exchange factor for the nuclear GTPase PIKE.
Inhibition of climbing fibres is a signal for the extinction of conditioned eyelid responses.
Anthropogenic aerosols: Indirect warming effect from dispersion forcing.
The origin of geomagnetic jerks.
Transient aggregation of ubiquitinated proteins during dendritic cell maturation.
Single-substrate liquid-crystal displays by photo-enforced stratification.
Observation of Hanbury BrownTwiss anticorrelations for free electrons.
The ESCRT machinery in endosomal sorting of ubiquitylated membrane proteins.
Disease-corrected haematopoietic progenitors from Fanconi anaemia induced pluripotent stem cells.
Demonstration of two-qubit algorithms with a superconducting quantum processor.
Designing materials to direct stem-cell fate.
A mechanism linking extra centrosomes to chromosomal instability.
Carcinoma-produced factors activate myeloid cells through TLR2 to stimulate metastasis.
Hedgehog signalling is essential for maintenance of cancer stem cells in myeloid leukaemia.
Common genetic variants on 5p14. 1 associate with autism spectrum disorders.
Stable single-unit-cell nanosheets of zeolite MFI as active and long-lived catalysts.
Genome evolution and adaptation in a long-term experiment with Escherichia coli.
Graphene: status and prospects.
Large-area synthesis of high-quality and uniform graphene films on copper foils.
Understanding the Warburg effect: the metabolic requirements of cell proliferation.
Control of graphene's properties by reversible hydrogenation: evidence for graphane.
Conversion of 5-methylcytosine to 5-hydroxymethylcytosine in mammalian DNA by MLL partner TET1.
Antigenic and genetic characteristics of swine-origin 2009 A (H1N1) influenza viruses circulating in humans.
Nitrogen-doped carbon nanotube arrays with high electrocatalytic activity for oxygen reduction.
Lysine acetylation targets protein complexes and co-regulates major cellular functions.
Experimental realization of a three-dimensional topological insulator, Bi2Te3.
Pandemic potential of a strain of influenza A (H1N1): early findings.
Charge migration in DNA: ion-gated transport.
Genomic and genetic definition of a functional human centromere.
A transcriptional switch mediated by cofactor methylation.
Putting metals into polymers.
Sorting of mannose 6-phosphate receptors mediated by the GGAs.
Identification of critical staphylococcal genes using conditional phenotypes generated by antisense RNA.
Coupled transcription and translation within nuclei of mammalian cells.
Genome-wide distribution of ORC and MCM proteins in S. cerevisiae: high-resolution mapping of replication origins.
Fluid control in multichannel structures by electrocapillary pressure.
Dynamic optimization of odor representations by slow temporal patterning of mitral cell activity.
High plant diversity is needed to maintain ecosystem services.
Selective killing of cancer cells by a small molecule targeting the stress response to ROS.
Circuit cavity electromechanics in the strong-coupling regime.
Functional genomics reveal that the serine synthesis pathway is essential in breast cancer.
The structural basis for agonist and partial agonist action on a [bgr] 1-adrenergic receptor.
Catalytic activity of the caspase-8-FLIPL complex inhibits RIPK3-dependent necrosis.
City living and urban upbringing affect neural social stress processing in humans.
A high-resolution map of human evolutionary constraint using 29 mammals.
Successful establishment of Wolbachia in Aedes populations to suppress dengue transmission.
Agonist-bound adenosine A2A receptor structures reveal common features of GPCR activation.
Zofia Kielan-Jaworowska (1925-2015).
Sustainability science: Exploiting the synergies.
Orbital-specific mapping of the ligand exchange dynamics of Fe (CO) 5 in solution.
The contribution of outdoor air pollution sources to premature mortality on a global scale.
Learning from nature's best.
Prevention: Tending the gut.
Career counselling: Pick a path.
Biochemistry: Breaking methane.
Lithospheric controls on magma composition along Earth/'s longest continental hotspot track.
Physicists, your planet needs you..
Whales originated from aquatic artiodactyls in the Eocene epoch of India.
Large subglacial lakes in East Antarctica at the onset of fast-flowing ice streams.
Climate sensitivity constrained by CO2 concentrations over the past 420 million years.
Origin of avian genome size and structure in non-avian dinosaurs.
Seasonal dynamics of recurrent epidemics.
8-oxo-guanine bypass by human DNA polymerases in the presence of auxiliary proteins.
Patterns of relative species abundance in rainforests and coral reefs.
High-level similarity of dentitions in carnivorans and rodents.
A collisional family of icy objects in the Kuiper belt.
Traditional medicine: a culture in the balance.
RTEL-1 enforces meiotic crossover interference and homeostasis.
Rapid diversification of cell signaling phenotypes by modular domain recombination.
Climate, critters, and cetaceans: Cenozoic drivers of the evolution of modern whales.
Large angular jump mechanism observed for hydrogen bond exchange in aqueous perchlorate solution.
Gamete recognition in mice depends on the cleavage status of an egg's zona pellucida protein.
Differential arginylation of actin isoforms is regulated by coding sequencedependent degradation.
Early use of pressure flaking on lithic artifacts at Blombos Cave, South Africa.
Dlg1-PTEN interaction regulates myelin thickness to prevent damaging peripheral nerve overmyelination.
IDH2 mutations in patients with D-2-hydroxyglutaric aciduria.
China's research culture.
Homoploid hybrid speciation in an extreme habitat.
Tandem riboswitch architectures exhibit complex gene control functions.
Cancer biomarkersan invitation to the table.
Dok-7 mutations underlie a neuromuscular junction synaptopathy.
Insignificant change in Antarctic snowfall since the International Geophysical Year.
A molecular framework for plant regeneration.
Structure and mechanism of the lantibiotic cyclase involved in nisin biosynthesis.
Temporal and spatial enumeration processes in the primate parietal cortex.
Volatile chemical cues guide host location and host selection by parasitic plants.
Mass spectrometry sampling under ambient conditions with desorption electrospray ionization.
Observation of the spin Hall effect in semiconductors.
MicroRNA-directed cleavage of HOXB8 mRNA.
Selective differentiation of neural progenitor cells by high-epitope density nanofibers.
A survey method for characterizing daily life experience: The day reconstruction method.
Defining the epithelial stem cell niche in skin.
Direct activation of Bax by p53 mediates mitochondrial membrane permeabilization and apoptosis.
Multiferroic BaTiO3-CoFe2O4 nanostructures.
Impact of anthropogenic CO2 on the CaCO3 system in the oceans.
Mimicking surface plasmons with structured surfaces.
Decoding calcium signaling.
Lost city life.
Directing the herd: Crowds and the science of evacuation.
Putting the fingers on gene repair.
Now presenting:  T cells.
Has biodefense gone overboard?.
In the forests of RNA dark matter.
Effect of biological treatments on growth of bean plants under salt stress..
A fishing buddy for hypothesis generators.
Current challenges and trends in the discovery of agrochemicals.
High-speed force spectroscopy unfolds titin at the velocity of molecular dynamics simulations.
Economic rewards to motivate blood donations.
Quantum limit of heat flow across a single electronic channel.
Climate's dark forcings.
Reforming China's S&T system.
Direct spectroscopic characterization of a transitory dirhodium donor-acceptor carbene complex.
Evolution of mammalian diving capacity traced by myoglobin net surface charge.
Early mesodermal cues assign avian cardiac pacemaker fate potential in a tertiary heart field.
Tissue interactions in neural crest cell development and disease.
Molecular octa-uranium rings with alternating nitride and azide bridges.
Dynamics of Saturn's magnetosphere from MIMI during Cassini's orbital insertion.
Heat flux anomalies in Antarctica revealed by satellite magnetic data.
Satellite tagging and cardiac physiology reveal niche expansion in salmon sharks.
Distinct kinetic changes in neurotransmitter release after SNARE protein cleavage.
Estimating duration and intensity of Neoproterozoic snowball glaciations from Ir anomalies.
The dynamics of interhemispheric compensatory processes in mental imagery.
Radar soundings of the ionosphere of Mars.
Expanded repeat in canine epilepsy.
Molecular mechanisms for the functionality of lubricant additives.
DNMT3L connects unmethylated lysine 4 of histone H3 to de novo methylation of DNA.
Characterizing the cancer genome in lung adenocarcinoma.
Foxp3-dependent programme of regulatory T-cell differentiation.
Optical rogue waves.
Melanoma biology and new targeted therapy.
A transforming mutation in the pleckstrin homology domain of AKT1 in cancer.
HDAC6 rescues neurodegeneration and provides an essential link between autophagy and the UPS.
Quantum oscillations and the Fermi surface in an underdoped high-Tc superconductor.
The human microbiome project: exploring the microbial part of ourselves in a changing world.
An ecological and evolutionary perspective on humanmicrobe mutualism and disease.
Plasmepsin V licenses Plasmodium proteins for export into the host erythrocyte.
Nearby galaxies as pointers to a better theory of cosmic evolution.
The amino-terminal disease hotspot of ryanodine receptors forms a cytoplasmic vestibule.
Structural basis for the coupling between activation and inactivation gates in K+ channels.
Temperature-controlled organic carbon mineralization in lake sediments.
Stoichiometric control of organic carbonnitrate relationships from soils to the sea.
Support for a synaptic chain model of neuronal sequence generation.
No climate paradox under the faint early Sun.
Cancer-associated IDH1 mutations produce 2-hydroxyglutarate.
A population-specific HTR2B stop codon predisposes to severe impulsivity.
Ignorance is not an option.
Aqueous formation and manipulation of the iron-oxo Keggin ion.
Japanese neutrino physicists think really big.
NIH research: Think globally.
Genomic evidence for the Pleistocene and recent population history of Native Americans.
The weakening summer circulation in the Northern Hemisphere mid-latitudes.
Adoptive cell transfer as personalized immunotherapy for human cancer.
Magnetoelectric domain control in multiferroic TbMnO3.
Assembly of micro/nanomaterials into complex, three-dimensional architectures by compressive buckling.
Expression, genetic variation, and tissues.
The leukemogenicity of AML1-ETO is dependent on site-specific lysine acetylation.
Graduate students' teaching experiences improve their methodological research skills.
A cocoon of freshly accelerated cosmic rays detected by Fermi in the Cygnus superbubble.
Normalization for sparse encoding of odors by a wide-field interneuron.
Seasonal erosion and restoration of Mars' northern polar dunes.
Linear alkane polymerization on a gold surface.
Transformation of a star into a planet in a millisecond pulsar binary.
A gene for an extended phenotype.
Enhanced turbulence and energy dissipation at ocean fronts.
Phanerozoic Earth system evolution and marine biodiversity.
Arctic warming aloft is data set dependent.
Structural biology: A moving story of receptors.
Complex structure within Saturn's infrared aurora.
Architecture: architects of a low-energy future.
Darwin's enduring legacy.
Circadian rhythms: stem cells traffic in time.
Particle physics: Song of the electroweak penguin.
Human behaviour: Punisher pays.
[C] Tsakmakidis et al. reply.
Make secondary education universal.
Thermal Conductivity of Solids.
[C] A counterion strategy.
Comment on" Wetland Sedimentation from Hurricanes Katrina and Rita".
Pervasive seismic wave reflectivity and metasomatism of the Tonga mantle wedge.
[C] Letters:" Overshoot" scenarios and climate change.
Observation of a one-dimensional Tonks-Girardeau gas.
Control of pancreas and liver gene expression by HNF transcription factors.
Protein kinase inhibitors: insights into drug design from structure.
TGF- signaling in fibroblasts modulates the oncogenic potential of adjacent epithelia.
Impaired degradation of mutant -synuclein by chaperone-mediated autophagy.
Smoking rain clouds over the Amazon.
Regulation of an ATG7-beclin 1 program of autophagic cell death by caspase-8.
Long-term aridity changes in the western United States.
Induction of protective IgA by intestinal dendritic cells carrying commensal bacteria.
Quantum-enhanced measurements: beating the standard quantum limit.
Ultrafast quantitative MS-based method for ceritinib analysis in human plasma samples from clinical trial.
How to overcome the limitations of current insulin administration with new non-invasive delivery systems.
Copper (I)/SaBOX catalyzed highly diastereo-and enantio-selective cyclopropanation of cis-1, 2-disubstituted olefins with -nitrodiazoacetates.
Liquid metal spring: oscillating coalescence and ejection of contacting liquid metal droplets.
SecA: a potential antimicrobial target.
Radisotopic characterization as an analytical tool: current status, limitations and future challenges.
Robust, fit-for-purpose method transfer: why we should apply equivalence testing.
The dual role of hydrogen peroxide in fuel cells.
Metallohelices: potential mimetics of -helical peptides in cancer treatment?.
Suppressing longitudinal spatial hole burning with dual assisted phase shifts in pitch-modulated DFB lasers.
Controlling Flowering Time.
Proteases, Neurotrophins, and Memory.
When Two Receptors Are Different from One.
Endophytesthe chemical synthesizers inside plants.
Spatial distribution and biomass of pelagic fish in the East China Sea in summer, based on acoustic surveys from 1997 to 2001.
Phosphorus retention efficiency in rainbow trout fed diets with low fish meal and alternative protein ingredients.
Neurotoxin tetrodotoxin as attractant for toxic snails.
Transgenic medaka with brilliant fluorescence in skeletal muscle under normal light.
Genetic structure of the purebred domestic dog.
Grain boundary-mediated plasticity in nanocrystalline nickel.
Cancer immunotherapy: a treatment for the masses.
Effects of purifying and adaptive selection on regional variation in human mtDNA.
Climate impact on plankton ecosystems in the Northeast Atlantic.
Neuroeconomics: the consilience of brain and decision.
Defining a link with asthma in mice congenitally deficient in eosinophils.
Two distinct actin networks drive the protrusion of migrating cells.
Inflammatory exposure and historical changes in human life-spans.
Jarosite and hematite at Meridiani Planum from Opportunity's Mssbauer spectrometer.
Viral escape and the failure of cellular immune responses.
H3+--an Ion with Many Talents.
Generation of G-to-A and C-to-U changes in HIV-1 transcripts by RNA editing.
Weird gold nanowires.
Cardiovascular evidence for an intermediate or higher metabolic rate in an ornithischian dinosaur.
A stable bicyclic compound with two Si= Si double bonds.
Three-layered atmospheric structure in accretion disks around stellar-mass black holes.
Collaborations in rice.
Ecologists on a mission to save the world.
Boosting Immunity to HIV--Can the Virus Help?.
Challenges in metal recycling.
Demonstration of blind quantum computing.
FKF1 conveys timing information for CONSTANS stabilization in photoperiodic flowering.
Renewable cathode materials from biopolymer/conjugated polymer interpenetrating networks.
Fluorescence imaging of cellular metabolites with RNA.
Body cues, not facial expressions, discriminate between intense positive and negative emotions.
Shear-activated nanotherapeutics for drug targeting to obstructed blood vessels.
Asymmetry and aging of mycobacterial cells lead to variable growth and antibiotic susceptibility.
Tackling human fungal infections.
Loss of the tumor suppressor BAP1 causes myeloid transformation.
Cell attachment protein VP8* of a human rotavirus specifically interacts with A-type histo-blood group antigen.
Making sense of palaeoclimate sensitivity.
Acanthodes and shark-like conditions in the last common ancestor of modern gnathostomes.
Recent Northern Hemisphere tropical expansion primarily driven by black carbon and tropospheric ozone.
Clonally dominant cardiomyocytes direct heart morphogenesis.
Gravitational detection of a low-mass dark satellite galaxy at cosmological distance.
Future impact: Predicting scientific success.
Targeting VEGF-B as a novel treatment for insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes.
The human CST complex is a terminator of telomerase activity.
Central nervous system control of metabolism.
Photonic structures in biology.
From genomics to proteomics.
Controlling the double helix.
Ten years of tension: single-molecule DNA mechanics.
Injection of adult neurospheres induces recovery in a chronic model of multiple sclerosis.
Proteomic characterization of the human centrosome by protein correlation profiling.
Microfluidic sorting in an optical lattice.
Regulation of phyllotaxis by polar auxin transport.
Unravelling angiosperm genome evolution by phylogenetic analysis of chromosomal duplication events.
Hedgehog signalling within airway epithelial progenitors and in small-cell lung cancer.
Extensive transduction of nonrepetitive DNA mediated by L1 retrotransposition in cancer genomes.
Refractory plasmonics.
Social media for large studies of behavior.
Recognizing foreshocks from the 1 April 2014 Chile earthquake.
Mapping pressurized volcanic fluids from induced crustal seismic velocity drops.
Manipulation of discrete nanostructures by selective modulation of noncovalent forces.
Structure of human RNase L reveals the basis for regulated RNA decay in the IFN response.
Niche engineering demonstrates a latent capacity for fungal-algal mutualism.
A bacterial tyrosine phosphatase inhibits plant pattern recognition receptor activation.
Parasympathetic ganglia derive from Schwann cell precursors.
Comment on" The evolution of modern eukaryotic phytoplankton".
Microbial life breathes deep.
Understanding how nanocrystalline metals deform.
Coming to grips with bone loss.
Tip20p prohibits back-fusion of COPII vesicles with the endoplasmic reticulum.
The real color of climate change.
Multimodal signals: enhancement and constraint of song motor patterns by visual display.
Policing the immune system.
Magic bullet gone astray: medications and the internet.
A Triassic aquatic protorosaur with an extremely long neck.
Perceptual consequences of centresurround antagonism in visual motion processing.
The genes orthodenticle and hunchback substitute for bicoid in the beetle Tribolium.
Fossil evidence for an ancient divergence of lorises and galagos.
High 3He/4He ratios in picritic basalts from Baffin Island and the role of a mixed reservoir in mantle plumes.
Social insects: cuticular hydrocarbons inform task decisions.
RecBCD enzyme is a DNA helicase with fast and slow motors of opposite polarity.
Nature, nurture and human disease.
Stability of forest biodiversity.
Quantum dynamics of a single vortex.
Neuronal synchrony does not correlate with motion coherence in cortical area MT.
25 years of HIV.
Direct observation of the mechanochemical coupling in myosin Va during processive movement.
The pathogen protein EspFU hijacks actin polymerization using mimicry and multivalency.
The delayed rise of present-day mammals.
Super-chondritic Sm/Nd ratios in Mars, the Earth and the Moon.
Structural basis for the selectivity of the external thioesterase of the surfactin synthetase.
Implications of an impact origin for the martian hemispheric dichotomy.
The mode of Hedgehog binding to Ihog homologues is not conserved across different phyla.
UNC-6/netrin and its receptor UNC-5 locally exclude presynaptic components from dendrites.
Entrained rhythmic activities of neuronal ensembles as perceptual memory of time interval.
Sri Lanka: an amphibian hot spot.
What is the thermohaline circulation.
Fossil echinoderms as monitor of the Mg/Ca ratio of Phanerozoic oceans.
The shaping of continental slopes by internal tides.
Left hemisphere cerebral specialization for babies while babbling.
The origin of aluminum flocs in polluted streams.
Visualization and functional analysis of RNA-dependent RNA polymerase lattices.
Influence of SHIP on the NK repertoire and allogeneic bone marrow transplantation.
The control of spikelet meristem identity by the branched silkless1 gene in maize.
Oxygen sensing gets a second wind.
Haploid plants produced by centromere-mediated genome elimination.
Tension directly stabilizes reconstituted kinetochore-microtubule attachments.
Non-Abelian states of matter.
Keep it complex.
Light-avoidance-mediating photoreceptors tile the Drosophila larval body wall.
Build life to understand it.
Fluctuating stripes at the onset of the pseudogap in the high-Tc superconductor Bi2Sr2CaCu2O8+ x.
Let's make science metrics more scientific.
A trans-acting locus regulates an anti-viral expression network and type 1 diabetes risk.
Gene expression divergence recapitulates the developmental hourglass model.
Recent advances in multiplex immunoassays.
Celecoxib and Bcl-2: emerging possibilities for anticancer drug design.
Plasmodium kinases as targets for new-generation antimalarials.
LC-MS metabolomics of polar compounds.
Eukaryotic initiation factor 4F: a vulnerability of tumor cells.
Therapeutic angiogenesis: controlled delivery of angiogenic factors.
Rapid LC-MS/MS quantification of the major benzodiazepines and their metabolites on dried blood spots using a simple and cost-effective sample pretreatment.
Recombinant adeno-associated virus: clinical application and development as a gene-therapy vector.
Current limitations and future opportunities for epigenetic therapies.
Epigenetic temporal control of mouse Hox genes in vivo.
Alternative zippering as an on-off switch for SNARE-mediated fusion.
Hyper-recombination, diversity, and antibiotic resistance in pneumococcus.
Deep-sea temperature and ice volume changes across the Pliocene-Pleistocene climate transitions.
Potential for wind-generated electricity in China.
Suppression of metallic conductivity of single-walled carbon nanotubes by cycloaddition reactions.
Synapse-and stimulus-specific local translation during long-term neuronal plasticity.
Meningococcal type IV pili recruit the polarity complex to cross the brain endothelium.
Harmonic convergence in the love songs of the dengue vector mosquito.
Careful climbing in the Miocene: the forelimbs of Ardipithecus ramidus and humans are primitive.
Promotion of B cell immune responses via an alum-induced myeloid cell population.
Requirement of Rac1 and Rac2 expression by mature dendritic cells for T cell priming.
A linear, O-coordinated 1-CO2 bound to uranium.
A Bayesian truth serum for subjective data.
Laboratory earthquakes: The sub-Rayleigh-to-supershear rupture transition.
Host-to-parasite gene transfer in flowering plants: phylogenetic evidence from Malpighiales.
Earth tides can trigger shallow thrust fault earthquakes.
Ions at the air/water interface.
CD8-mediated survival and differentiation of CD8 memory T cell precursors.
Roles of the two Drosophila CRYPTOCHROME structural domains in circadian photoreception.
Frequency metrology in quantum degenerate helium: Direct measurement of the 2 3S1 2 1S0 transition.
Danger, microbes, and homeostasis.
Demystifying DNA demethylation.
Cities, productivity, and quality of life.
Fatty acids identified in the Burmese python promote beneficial cardiac growth.
The origin of OB runaway stars.
Late Mousterian persistence near the arctic circle.
The Escherichia coli replisome is inherently DNA damage tolerant.
Thermochronometry reveals headward propagation of erosion in an alpine landscape.
Magnetosphere sawtooth oscillations induced by ionospheric outflow.
Glucose-TOR signalling reprograms the transcriptome and activates meristems.
Rapid local acceleration of relativistic radiation-belt electrons by magnetospheric chorus.
Bacterial colonization factors control specificity and stability of the gut microbiota.
The spin Hall effect in a quantum gas.
A directional tuning map of Drosophila elementary motion detectors.
A pathogenic picornavirus acquires an envelope by hijacking cellular membranes.
Structural basis for modulation of a G-protein-coupled receptor by allosteric drugs.
Genetic identification of a neural circuit that suppresses appetite.
A bacteriophage encodes its own CRISPR/Cas adaptive response to evade host innate immunity.
HIV-1 evades innate immune recognition through specific cofactor recruitment.
Tracking the source of glacier misinformation.
G protein subunit G13 binds to integrin IIb3 and mediates integrin outside-in signaling.
The role of particle morphology in interfacial energy transfer in CdSe/CdS heterostructure nanocrystals.
Filtering of visual information in the tectum by an identified neural circuit.
Recent hotspot volcanism on Venus from VIRTIS emissivity data.
Lysosomal pathology and osteopetrosis upon loss of H+-driven lysosomal Claccumulation.
The selection landscape of malaria parasites.
Evolutionary dynamics of complex networks of HIV drug-resistant strains: the case of San Francisco.
A transient niche regulates the specification of Drosophila intestinal stem cells.
The junctional adhesion molecule JAML is a costimulatory receptor for epithelial  T cell activation.
Observation of the transition state for pressure-induced BO3 BO4 conversion in glass.
Meeting global challenges.
Turning a surface superrepellent even to completely wetting liquids.
Adolescent mental healthOpportunity and obligation.
[C] 21 Of The Coolest, Geekiest Beds Ever.
[C] Bill-Gates-Bill-Clinton-Sel.
Adler et a.
Microfabrication technology: organized assembly of carbon nanotubes.
Patched acts catalytically to suppress the activity of Smoothened.
Out of Africa again and again.
Cell biology: a cat cloned by nuclear transplantation.
CblCIN85endophilin complex mediates ligand-induced downregulation of EGF receptors.
Electrical detection of spin precession in a metallic mesoscopic spin valve.
Genetic diversity and chloroquine selective sweeps in Plasmodium falciparum.
Mechanism of glutamate receptor desensitization.
Cell biology: targeted transfection by femtosecond laser.
TRPV3 is a calcium-permeable temperature-sensitive cation channel.
Rac1b and reactive oxygen species mediate MMP-3-induced EMT and genomic instability.
Vertebrate Smoothened functions at the primary cilium.
The DNA sequence of the human X chromosome.
Recognition of bacterial glycosphingolipids by natural killer T cells.
Long-term sensitivity of soil carbon turnover to warming.
Quantized conductance atomic switch.
Origin of the orbital architecture of the giant planets of the Solar System.
Creation of a six-atom 'Schrdinger cat'state.
A role for lateral hypothalamic orexin neurons in reward seeking.
Two-dimensional spectroscopy of electronic couplings in photosynthesis.
Identity and search in social networks.
Lymphatic metastasis in the absence of functional intratumor lymphatics.
Use of ionic liquids for -conjugated polymer electrochemical devices.
A road map for those who don't know JAK-STAT.
Reorganization of North Atlantic marine copepod biodiversity and climate.
Observation of a strongly interacting degenerate Fermi gas of atoms.
Increasing river discharge to the Arctic Ocean.
Direct recognition of cytomegalovirus by activating and inhibitory NK cell receptors.
The promise and perils of Wnt signaling through -catenin.
Toxic proteins in neurodegenerative disease.
How much more rain will global warming bring?.
A predictably selective aliphatic CH oxidation reaction for complex molecule synthesis.
Scattering and interference in epitaxial graphene.
Common sequence polymorphisms shaping genetic diversity in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Life with oxygen.
Asymmetric T lymphocyte division in the initiation of adaptive immune responses.
UHRF1 plays a role in maintaining DNA methylation in mammalian cells.
From swimming to walking with a salamander robot driven by a spinal cord model.
Orchestration of the DNA-damage response by the RNF8 ubiquitin ligase.
Neural responses to taxation and voluntary giving reveal motives for charitable donations.
Tissue preparation: Tissue issues.
Stem cells: the magic brew.
Alp7/TACC is a crucial target in Ran-GTPase-dependent spindle formation in fission yeast.
Linguistics: An invisible hand.
Fungal roles in soil ecology: underground networking.
Genomics: guilt by association.
Developmental biology: a chordate with a difference.
Photonics: rogue waves surface in light.
Tamiflu side effects come under scrutiny.
Epigenetics: perceptive enzymes.
In situ measurements of the physical characteristics of Titan's environment.
Centennial-scale climate cooling with a sudden cold event around 8,200 years ago.
A common somitic origin for embryonic muscle progenitors and satellite cells.
H5N1 virus outbreak in migratory waterfowl.
Histone H3 serine 10 phosphorylation by Aurora B causes HP1 dissociation from heterochromatin.
Double chromodomains cooperate to recognize the methylated histone H3 tail.
Rain, winds and haze during the Huygens probe's descent to Titan's surface.
State transitions and light adaptation require chloroplast thylakoid protein kinase STN7.
R gene expression induced by a type-III effector triggers disease resistance in rice.
Structure of human follicle-stimulating hormone in complex with its receptor.
Changes in deep-water formation during the Younger Dryas event inferred from 10Be and 14C records.
Evolutionary origins of vertebrate appendicular muscle.
Towards the clarity limit in optical fibre.
Physiology: Eel fat stores are enough to reach the Sargasso.
Osmotic generation of 'anomalous' fluid pressures in geological environments.
Structure of the intact transactivation domain of the human papillomavirus E2 protein.
Oceanography: Fish do not avoid survey vessels.
Imaging of localized electronic states in the quantum Hall regime.
The ecological cost of sex.
Transport domain unlocking sets the uptake rate of an aspartate transporter.
The mechanism of DNA replication termination in vertebrates.
Environmental economics: Pricing the planet.
Simon Clash: The Galaxy's greatest hero.
Robert A. Berner (1935-2015).
The endangered dead.
Sex redefined.
Phylogenetic structure and host abundance drive disease pressure in communities.
Horizontal membrane-intrinsic [agr]-helices in the stator a-subunit of an F-type ATP synthase.
 .
Activation of the yeast Hippo pathway by phosphorylation-dependent assembly of signaling complexes.
How the Red Queen drives terrestrial mammals to extinction.
Constitutive -opioid receptor activity leads to long-term endogenous analgesia and dependence.
How cells know where they are.
Actin-propelled invasive membrane protrusions promote fusogenic protein engagement during cell-cell fusion.
Anthropogenic seismicity rates and operational parameters at the Salton Sea Geothermal Field.
MicroRNA-128 governs neuronal excitability and motor behavior in mice.
Dosage compensation via transposable element mediated rewiring of a regulatory network.
Two modes of change in Southern Ocean productivity over the past million years.
Enzyme kinetics, past and present.
Evolutionary novelty is concentrated at the edge of coral species distributions.
Epigenetics and cognitive aging.
Global HIV/AIDS policy in transition.
Intelligent infrastructure for energy efficiency.
Tropical arthropod species, more or less?.
Are lizards toast?.
Slip systems in MgSiO3 post-perovskite: implications for D anisotropy.
Narrow primary feather rachises in Confuciusornis and Archaeopteryx suggest poor flight ability.
Inflammation bares a dark side.
Mutational robustness of ribosomal protein genes.
Export of dissolved organic carbon from peatlands under elevated carbon dioxide levels.
Retinal angiogenesis in development and disease.
Electronic reconstruction at an interface between a Mott insulator and a band insulator.
Adaptation to natural facial categories.
The conserved kinetochore protein shugoshin protects centromeric cohesion during meiosis.
Gfi-1 restricts proliferation and preserves functional integrity of haematopoietic stem cells.
Large fluctuations in speed on Greenland's Jakobshavn Isbrae glacier.
Chemical remodelling of cell surfaces in living animals.
Intergenic transcription is required to repress the Saccharomyces cerevisiae SER3 gene.
Temporal difference models describe higher-order learning in humans.
The Syk tyrosine kinase suppresses malignant growth of human breast cancer cells.
Slowed recovery of rod photoresponse in mice lacking the GTPase accelerating protein RGS9-1.
Development: DNA methylation in Drosophila melanogaster.
Noradrenaline in the ventral forebrain is critical for opiate withdrawal-induced aversion.
Quantifying the uncertainty in forecasts of anthropogenic climate change.
Delaying the onset of Huntington's in mice.
Development of Th1-type immune responses requires the type I cytokine receptor TCCR.
Conservation: rainforest fragmentation kills big trees.
Visual behaviour mediated by retinal projections directed to the auditory pathway.
Interruption of a basal gangliaforebrain circuit prevents plasticity of learned vocalizations.
Ribosomal frameshifting in the CCR5 mRNA is regulated by miRNAs and the NMD pathway.
L-Myc expression by dendritic cells is required for optimal T-cell priming.
CFIm25 links alternative polyadenylation to glioblastoma tumour suppression.
Continuing megathrust earthquake potential in Chile after the 2014 Iquique earthquake.
Strong neutrino cooling by cycles of electron capture and [bgr]-decay in neutron star crusts.
Comparative population genomics in animals uncovers the determinants of genetic diversity.
Measurement of the magnetic interaction between two bound electrons of two separate ions.
Dynamic pathways of-1 translational frameshifting.
BRCA1 controls homologous recombination at Tus/Ter-stalled mammalian replication forks.
Avoidance of ribonucleotide-induced mutations by RNase H2 and Srs2-Exo1 mechanisms.
A neural basis for general intelligence.
Prokaryotic regulation of epithelial responses by inhibition of IB- ubiquitination.
Organizing principles for a diversity of GABAergic interneurons and synapses in the neocortex.
Role of BAX in the apoptotic response to anticancer agents.
How animals move: an integrative view.
Advances in the physics of high-temperature superconductivity.
The 100,000-year ice-age cycle identified and found to lag temperature, carbon dioxide, and orbital eccentricity.
Green, catalytic oxidation of alcohols in water.
Quantization of multiparticle Auger rates in semiconductor quantum dots.
Spatial patterns in the distribution of tropical tree species.
Ubistatins inhibit proteasome-dependent degradation by binding the ubiquitin chain.
Steroid-dependent auditory plasticity leads to adaptive coupling of sender and receiver.
Partner-specific odor recognition in an Antarctic seabird.
Crystal structure of a shark single-domain antibody V region in complex with lysozyme.
Odorant receptors on axon termini in the brain.
Side-on copper-nitrosyl coordination by nitrite reductase.
What can progeroid syndromes tell us about human aging?.
External and internal morphology of the BAR 1002'00 Orrorin tugenensis femur.
Immune therapy for autoimmune diseases.
Cope's rule, hypercarnivory, and extinction in North American canids.
Genomic signatures of evolutionary transitions from solitary to group living.
Undergraduate research experiences: Impacts and opportunities.
Covalent organic frameworks comprising cobalt porphyrins for catalytic CO2 reduction in water.
Architecture of the nuclear pore complex coat.
Symbionts on the road to a single species.
The makers of the Protoaurignacian and implications for Neandertal extinction.
Integration of Bmp and Wnt signaling by Hopx specifies commitment of cardiomyoblasts.
Helium caught in the act of triangulating.
A shed NKG2D ligand that promotes natural killer cell activation and tumor rejection.
Photosystem I enters into the spotlight.
Spatial organization of cytokinesis signaling reconstituted in a cell-free system.
A bold baby step on emissions.
Taking the measure of change.
Regioselective ketone -alkylation with simple olefins via dual activation.
A Spaetzle-like role for nerve growth factor  in vertebrate immunity to Staphylococcus aureus.
The specificity of vesicle traffic to the Golgi is encoded in the golgin coiled-coil proteins.
A flipping cell wall ferry.
Low oxygen stifled animals' emergence, study says.
Progenitor outgrowth from the niche in Drosophila trachea is guided by FGF from decaying branches.
A riboswitch-containing sRNA controls gene expression by sequestration of a response regulator.
Solid-state thermal rectifier.
Enzyme-free nucleic acid logic circuits.
Characterization of the piRNA complex from rat testes.
Where water is oxidized to dioxygen: structure of the photosynthetic Mn4Ca cluster.
Structural basis for double-stranded RNA processing by Dicer.
The competitive advantage of sanctioning institutions.
Gene regulatory networks and the evolution of animal body plans.
Majority logic gate for magnetic quantum-dot cellular automata.
Phytophthora genome sequences uncover evolutionary origins and mechanisms of pathogenesis.
A major ecosystem shift in the northern Bering Sea.
Direct measurement of antiferromagnetic domain fluctuations.
Protecting biostructure.
Stochastic gene expression out-of-steady-state in the cyanobacterial circadian clock.
How swifts control their glide performance with morphing wings.
An unusually brilliant transient in the galaxy M85.
Probable heat capacity signature of the supersolid transition.
Eruptions arising from tidally controlled periodic openings of rifts on Enceladus.
Electronic and structural transitions in dense liquid sodium.
An integrated model of kimberlite ascent and eruption.
The detection of carbonation by the Drosophila gustatory system.
Long-range ordered carbon clusters: a crystalline material with amorphous building blocks.
Theory and simulation in neuroscience.
Evolutionary diversity of the mitochondrial calcium uniporter.
Spin-orbital short-range order on a honeycomb-based lattice.
Radar-enabled recovery of the Sutter's Mill meteorite, a carbonaceous chondrite regolith breccia.
Systems biology for enhanced plant nitrogen nutrition.
Evolution of the earliest horses driven by climate change in the Paleocene-Eocene Thermal Maximum.
Biogenic potassium salt particles as seeds for secondary organic aerosol in the Amazon.
Decoding in the absence of a codon by tmRNA and SmpB in the ribosome.
Evidence for NOx control over nighttime SOA formation.
Earthquakes triggered by silent slip events on Klauea volcano, Hawaii.
Somatic stem cell niche tropism in Wolbachia.
In situ structure of the complete Treponema primitia flagellar motor.
A Mesozoic gliding mammal from northeastern China.
Record of mid-Archaean subduction from metamorphism in the Barberton terrain, South Africa.
Evolution of an obligate social cheater to a superior cooperator.
Discovery of two new satellites of Pluto.
Suppression of star formation in early-type galaxies by feedback from supermassive black holes.
Amorphous silica-like carbon dioxide.
Low-coverage vaccination strategies for the conservation of endangered species.
[C] Massive outbreak draws fresh attention to little-known virus.
The interaction of the atmosphere of Enceladus with Saturn's plasma.
Microheterogeneity of singlet oxygen distributions in irradiated humic acid solutions.
Elemental compositions of comet 81P/Wild 2 samples collected by Stardust.
Producing ultrastrong magnetic fields in neutron star mergers.
The age of the Sahara desert.
Time-resolved seismic tomography detects magma intrusions at Mount Etna.
Ca2+ entry through plasma membrane IP3 receptors.
Dynamical superconducting order parameter domains in Sr2RuO4.
The global impact of scaling up HIV/AIDS prevention programs in low-and middle-income countries.
Transformation optics using graphene.
Phosphorylation of ULK1 (hATG1) by AMP-activated protein kinase connects energy sensing to mitophagy.
Epidermal electronics.
The future of seawater desalination: energy, technology, and the environment.
Peak external photocurrent quantum efficiency exceeding 100% via MEG in a quantum dot solar cell.
Quantitative analysis of culture using millions of digitized books.
Human fatty liver disease: old questions and new insights.
Interventions shown to aid executive function development in children 4 to 12 years old.
Exome sequencing of head and neck squamous cell carcinoma reveals inactivating mutations in NOTCH1.
DAXX/ATRX, MEN1, and mTOR pathway genes are frequently altered in pancreatic neuroendocrine tumors.
Porphyrin-sensitized solar cells with cobalt (II/III)based redox electrolyte exceed 12 percent efficiency.
Carbon-based supercapacitors produced by activation of graphene.
Two-dimensional nanosheets produced by liquid exfoliation of layered materials.
Increasing solar absorption for photocatalysis with black hydrogenated titanium dioxide nanocrystals.
Electrical energy storage for the grid: a battery of choices.
Cancer immunoediting: integrating immunity's roles in cancer suppression and promotion.
A large and persistent carbon sink in the world's forests.
The unfolded protein response: from stress pathway to homeostatic regulation.
Linking long-term dietary patterns with gut microbial enterotypes.
A perspective on cancer cell metastasis.
Particle physics: Hard-core revelations.
Plasma physics: On the crest of a wake.
Bringing cartoons to life.
A timely harvest.
Theoretical chemistry: The six-bond bound.
Structural biology: unexpected opening.
A tough transition.
Biodiversity: logging: the new conservation.
Undressing and redressing Ediacaran embryos.
Prevalence and associated factors of home delivery in Arbaminch Zuria district, southern Ethiopia: Community based cross sectional study.
Types of knowledge in science-based practices.
Glimpses at the History of Sex Ratio Studies.
Satellites provide the big picture.
Assessing Physico-Chemical Parameters of Potable Water in Dhankuta Municipality of Nepal.
Localized TRPA1 channel Ca2+ signals stimulated by reactive oxygen species promote cerebral artery dilation.
Microbiology: Exclusive networks in the sea.
Pollinator assessment: IPBES responds on conflicts of interest.
Hydrogens detected by subatomic resolution protein crystallography in a [lsqb] NiFe [rsqb] hydrogenase.
Vertically transmitted faecal IgA levels determine extra-chromosomal phenotypic variation.
Monolayer semiconductor nanocavity lasers with ultralow thresholds.
Visual maps bring research to life.
Scientific ethics: Science under the political steamroller.
Universal allosteric mechanism for G [alpha] activation by GPCRs.
Nomenclature: Replace'pathogens' with'perceptogens'.
Turning point: Alaina Levine.
MicroRNA silencing through RISC recruitment of eIF6.
Coherent quantum state storage and transfer between two phase qubits via a resonant cavity.
Identification of a mechanism of photoprotective energy dissipation in higher plants.
Wnt-dependent de novo hair follicle regeneration in adult mouse skin after wounding.
The nuclear receptor LXR is a glucose sensor.
Foxp3 controls regulatory T-cell function by interacting with AML1/Runx1.
Chitin induces accumulation in tissue of innate immune cells associated with allergy.
Spatial vegetation patterns and imminent desertification in Mediterranean arid ecosystems.
Notch signalling limits angiogenic cell behaviour in developing zebrafish arteries.
The POT1TPP1 telomere complex is a telomerase processivity factor.
New components of the spliced leader RNP required for nematode trans-splicing.
Climate change (Communication arising): Terrestrial export of organic carbon.
Classical dynamics: Spinning eggsa paradox resolved.
Immunology: DNA drives autoimmunity.
AIDS vaccines: One step forwards, one step back.
China: Stem cells rise in the East.
Biomechanics: dinosaur locomotion from a new trackway.
Shear instabilities in granular flows.
Cell biology: Chloride channels are different.
Transient aurora on Jupiter from injections of magnetospheric electrons.
Excess digestive capacity in predators reflects a life of feast and famine.
Stem cells: iPS cells under attack.
Forming the lunar farside highlands by accretion of a companion moon.
Geometric frustration in compositionally modulated ferroelectrics.
Perspective: all systems go.
Combined obliquity and precession pacing of late Pleistocene deglaciations.
Does blending of chlorophyll data bias temporal trend?.
Infrared diffuse interstellar bands in the Galactic Centre region.
A measured look at ocean chlorophyll trends.
Ageing: longevity hits a roadblock.
Comparison of invertebrate abundance in a seagrass bed and adjacent coral and sand areas at Amitori Bay, Iriomote Island, Japan.
Incidental captures of sea turtles by swordfish and albacore longlines in the Ionian sea.
Gender differences in brain activation patterns during mental rotation and number related cognitive tasks.
Expression of RUNX3 protein in human lung adenocarcinoma: implications for tumor progression and prognosis.
Modeling human colon cancer in rodents using a foodborne carcinogen, PhIP.
Frequent KIT and epidermal growth factor receptor overexpressions in undifferentiatedtype breast carcinomas with 'stemcelllike'features.
Leptosins isolated from marine fungus Leptoshaeria species inhibit DNA topoisomerases I and/or II and induce apoptosis by inactivation of Akt/protein kinase B.
Rapid identification of eels Anguilla japonica and Anguilla anguilla by polymerase chain reaction with single nucleotide polymorphismbased specific probes.
Why is the antibody response of Atlantic cod so poor? The search for a genetic explanation.
Impact of menstrual and reproductive factors on breast cancer risk in Japan: results of the JACC study.
[DOC][DOC] Origins of HIV.
Evolution on life's fringes.
Stem cells hear call of injured tissue.
Diversity digitized.
Ubiquitination--more than two to tango.
Earthmovers of the Amazon.
[C] HIV/AIDS: the peril of pseudoscience.
The causes of 20th century warming.
Late Cretaceous true polar wander: not so fast.
Diverse somatic mutation patterns and pathway alterations in human cancers.
Growth of graphene from solid carbon sources.
Bulgeless dwarf galaxies and dark matter cores from supernova-driven outflows.
Regulation of parkinsonian motor behaviours by optogenetic control of basal ganglia circuitry.
Aberrant silencing of imprinted genes on chromosome 12qF1 in mouse induced pluripotent stem cells.
OncomiR addiction in an in vivo model of microRNA-21-induced pre-B-cell lymphoma.
Rethinking schizophrenia.
Chemical genetics strategy identifies an HCV NS5A inhibitor with a potent clinical effect.
Real-space observation of a two-dimensional skyrmion crystal.
Chronic high-fat diet in fathers programs [bgr]-cell dysfunction in female rat offspring.
A large magmatic sill complex beneath the Toba caldera.
Plasmoelectric potentials in metal nanostructures.
Ebola vaccine: Little and late.
Casting inorganic structures with DNA molds.
Structural basis for organohalide respiration.
Statistical binning enables an accurate coalescent-based estimation of the avian tree.
Attosecond band-gap dynamics in silicon.
The source crater of martian shergottite meteorites.
Ultrastable gold substrates for electron cryomicroscopy.
Toward control of electron transfer in donor-acceptor molecules by bond-specific infrared excitation.
Extinctions of aculeate pollinators in Britain and the role of large-scale agricultural changes.
Sunlight controls water column processing of carbon in arctic fresh waters.
Advances in skin grafting and treatment of cutaneous wounds.
Periodic variability in the large-scale Southern Hemisphere atmospheric circulation.
Autoimmunity by haploinsufficiency.
Element-specific anisotropic growth of shaped platinum alloy nanocrystals.
Energy at life's origin.
DNA sequencers still waiting for the nanopore revolution.
Detection of the Gravitational Lens Magnifying a Type Ia Supernova.
Cavity quantum electrodynamics with many-body states of a two-dimensional electron gas.
Docking in metal-organic frameworks.
Predicting the behavior of techno-social systems.
Complexin controls the force transfer from SNARE complexes to membranes in fusion.
A radio pulsar/X-ray binary link.
Subcellular mRNA localization in animal cells and why it matters.
Rhes, a striatal specific protein, mediates mutant-huntingtin cytotoxicity.
Molecular mechanisms of HipA-mediated multidrug tolerance and its neutralization by HipB.
Self-organization of a mesoscale bristle into ordered, hierarchical helical assemblies.
Solar power wires based on organic photovoltaic materials.
Haploid genetic screens in human cells identify host factors used by pathogens.
T cell activation by lipopeptide antigens.
Abrupt tropical vegetation response to rapid climate changes.
An antigenic peptide produced by peptide splicing in the proteasome.
Stathmin-tubulin interaction gradients in motile and mitotic cells.
Watching the growth of bulk grains during recrystallization of deformed metals.
Functional stoichiometry and local enrichment of calmodulin interacting with Ca2+ channels.
Challenges of modeling ocean basin ecosystems.
The future of language.
Use of CD134 as a primary receptor by the feline immunodeficiency virus.
Molecular shaping of the beak.
Observing the unexpected enhances infants' learning and exploration.
A tethered niacin-derived pincer complex with a nickel-carbon bond in lactate racemase.
Impact of regulatory variation from RNA to protein.
The quantum halo state of the helium trimer.
A Hadean to Paleoarchean geodynamo recorded by single zircon crystals.
Structural basis for energy transfer pathways in the plant PSI-LHCI supercomplex.
After Hubble.
Crystal structure of a mycobacterial Insig homolog provides insight into how these sensors monitor sterol levels.
Structure of the Get3 targeting factor in complex with its membrane protein cargo.
Ivan Pavlov, revealed.
Dual origin of the epithelium of the mammalian middle ear.
Genetic and molecular basis of drug resistance and species-specific drug action in schistosome parasites.
Changes in taste neurons support the emergence of an adaptive behavior in cockroaches.
Preservation of recalcitrant seeds.
Parallel neural pathways mediate CO2 avoidance responses in Drosophila.
A guanosine-centric mechanism for RNA chaperone function.
Open learning at a distance: Lessons for struggling MOOCs.
Mosaic Morphology in the Thorax of Australopithecus sediba.
Channelized ice melting in the ocean boundary layer beneath Pine Island Glacier, Antarctica.
Dynamical resonances accessible only by reagent vibrational excitation in the F+ HD HF+ D reaction.
The direct arylation of allylic sp3 CH bonds via organic and photoredox catalysis.
Animal behaviour: Nested instincts.
Deep imaging of bone marrow shows non-dividing stem cells are mainly perisinusoidal.
Presenting the Epigenome Roadmap.
Structure and function of a single-chain, multi-domain long-chain acyl-CoA carboxylase.
India: Assess social impact of technology.
[C] Terrorism: science seeks roots of terror.
Epicardial regeneration is guided by cardiac outflow tract and Hedgehog signalling.
Atomic structure of anthrax protective antigen pore elucidates toxin translocation.
Observation of the competitive double-gamma nuclear decay.
 .
Isotopic evidence for biological nitrogen fixation by molybdenum-nitrogenase from 3.2 Gyr.
Alternative 3 [prime] UTRs act as scaffolds to regulate membrane protein localization.
Archaeology: Tools go back in time.
A strong ultraviolet pulse from a newborn type Ia supernova.
Group selection versus group adaptation.
High-precision comparison of the antiproton-to-proton charge-to-mass ratio.
An enigmatic plant-eating theropod from the Late Jurassic period of Chile.
Interaction and signalling between a cosmopolitan phytoplankton and associated bacteria.
Two-piconewton slip bond between fibronectin and the cytoskeleton depends on talin.
Cyanophages infecting the oceanic cyanobacterium Prochlorococcus.
High-temperature superconductors: universal nodal Fermi velocity.
A common origin for cosmic explosions inferred from calorimetry of GRB030329.
Growth of early continental crust by partial melting of eclogite.
Loss and recovery of wings in stick insects.
Widespread horizontal transfer of mitochondrial genes in flowering plants.
Fragments of the earliest land plants.
Regulation of flowering time by light quality.
Loss of Omi mitochondrial protease activity causes the neuromuscular disorder of mnd2 mutant mice.
VEGFR1-activity-independent metastasis formation.
Convergent evolution of anthropoid-like adaptations in Eocene adapiform primates.
Is REST required for ESC pluripotency?.
Let the global technology race begin.
Global circulation as the main source of cloud activity on Titan.
Cancer: The nuances of therapy.
Coordinating DNA replication by means of priming loop and differential synthesis rate.
Creep cavitation can establish a dynamic granular fluid pump in ductile shear zones.
[C] Economics: meltdown modelling.
Haematopoietic stem cells depend on G&agr; s-mediated signalling to engraft bone marrow.
Atomic-scale origins of slowness in the cyanobacterial circadian clock.
A new therapeutic target for sepsis.
Observation of the Efimov state of the helium trimer.
Correlated gene expression supports synchronous activity in brain networks.
Dynamic DNA devices and assemblies formed by shape-complementary, nonbase pairing 3D components.
The bad luck of cancer.
An RNA biosensor for imaging the first round of translation from single cells to living animals.
Melting silica in massive planets.
Stellar metals shine toward our eyes only.
Cryo-EM structure of an antibody that neutralizes dengue virus type 2 by locking E protein dimers.
Long-lived C. elegans daf-2 mutants are resistant to bacterial pathogens.
Structural basis of multiple drug-binding capacity of the AcrB multidrug efflux pump.
The potential for earthquake early warning in southern California.
The aerodynamics of free-flight maneuvers in Drosophila.
Hairpin RNAs and retrotransposon LTRs effect RNAi and chromatin-based gene silencing.
Chromatin loosening by poly (ADP)-ribose polymerase (PARP) at Drosophila puff loci.
Soliton self-frequency shift cancellation in photonic crystal fibers.
Biomolecular interactions at phospholipid-decorated surfaces of liquid crystals.
Insulin signaling in health and disease.
Comprehensive identification of human bZIP interactions with coiled-coil arrays.
The linear ubiquitin-specific deubiquitinase gumby regulates angiogenesis.
The architecture of human general transcription factor TFIID core complex.
Single-molecule fluorescence probes dynamics of barrier crossing.
No increase in global temperature variability despite changing regional patterns.
Elastic energy storage in the shoulder and the evolution of high-speed throwing in Homo.
Photosynthetic entrainment of the Arabidopsis thaliana circadian clock.
Divergent global precipitation changes induced by natural versus anthropogenic forcing.
Genomic organization of human transcription initiation complexes.
Epithelial junctions maintain tissue architecture by directing planar spindle orientation.
SCFFBXL3 ubiquitin ligase targets cryptochromes at their cofactor pocket.
Pseudogenes: newly discovered players in human cancer.
Attractor landscape analysis reveals feedback loops in the p53 network that control the cellular response to DNA damage.
Interferon- therapy against EAE is effective only when development of the disease depends on the NLRP3 inflammasome.
An ATP-site on-off switch that restricts phosphatase accessibility of Akt.
Ras stabilization through aberrant activation of Wnt/-catenin signaling promotes intestinal tumorigenesis.
Diverse sensitivity thresholds in dynamic signaling responses by social amoebae.
RNF4-dependent hybrid SUMO-ubiquitin chains are signals for RAP80 and thereby mediate the recruitment of BRCA1 to sites of DNA damage.
Modulating mitochondrial intracellular location as a redox signal.
LRRK2 and human disease: a complicated question or a question of complexes?.
From sulfenylation to sulfhydration: what a thiolate needs to tolerate.
Insights from the genome of the biotrophic fungal plant pathogen Ustilago maydis.
Copy number polymorphism in Fcgr3 predisposes to glomerulonephritis in rats and humans.
A silicon transporter in rice.
The structure of H5N1 avian influenza neuraminidase suggests new opportunities for drug design.
The association of GRB 060218 with a supernova and the evolution of the shock wave.
Molecular identification of the CRAC channel by altered ion selectivity in a mutant of Orai.
Magnetic vortex core reversal by excitation with short bursts of an alternating field.
A low level of extragalactic background light as revealed by -rays from blazars.
Pharmaco-metabonomic phenotyping and personalized drug treatment.
Platensimycin is a selective FabF inhibitor with potent antibiotic properties.
Scale-free networks: a decade and beyond.
The chemical structure of a molecule resolved by atomic force microscopy.
Revealing the maximum strength in nanotwinned copper.
Pathogenesis and transmission of swine-origin 2009 A (H1N1) influenza virus in ferrets.
Bcl6 mediates the development of T follicular helper cells.
The genome sequence of taurine cattle: a window to ruminant biology and evolution.
Ribosomal protein S6 kinase 1 signaling regulates mammalian life span.
In vivo analysis of dendritic cell development and homeostasis.
Strengthening materials by engineering coherent internal boundaries at the nanoscale.
Phasic firing in dopaminergic neurons is sufficient for behavioral conditioning.
The Southern Ocean's role in carbon exchange during the last deglaciation.
Organization of the influenza virus replication machinery.
Botulinum neurotoxin is shielded by NTNHA in an interlocked complex.
Scientific thinking in young children: Theoretical advances, empirical research, and policy implications.
Collapse of Classic Maya civilization related to modest reduction in precipitation.
Mice lacking a Myc enhancer that includes human SNP rs6983267 are resistant to intestinal tumors.
Type 6 secretion dynamics within and between bacterial cells.
Mixed messages on prices and food security.
Near-field deformation from the El MayorCucapah earthquake revealed by differential LIDAR.
Stepwise evolution of spherical seeds into 20-fold twinned icosahedra.
RNAi shows cracks in its armor.
NAD to the rescue.
Chiral-selective aminoacylation of an RNA minihelix.
The bacterial condensin MukBEF compacts DNA into a repetitive, stable structure.
New Zealand maritime glaciation: millennial-scale southern climate change since 3.9 Ma.
Avian flu finds new mammal hosts.
Poised for takeoff?.
Fluorescent enhancement of signaling in a mantis shrimp.
Rotavirus vaccines' second chance.
Mars' south polar Ar enhancement: A tracer for south polar seasonal meridional mixing.
The premetazoan ancestry of cadherins.
Epigenetic reprogramming by adenovirus e1a.
Pre-Columbian urbanism, anthropogenic landscapes, and the future of the Amazon.
Magnetar-like emission from the young pulsar in Kes 75.
Earthquake supercycles inferred from sea-level changes recorded in the corals of west Sumatra.
Paleo-Eskimo mtDNA genome reveals matrilineal discontinuity in Greenland.
Tidal modulation of nonvolcanic tremor.
Structural basis of trans-inhibition in a molybdate/tungstate ABC transporter.
Enhanced sensitivity of photodetection via quantum illumination.
Radar sounding evidence for buried glaciers in the southern mid-latitudes of Mars.
Structure of the spliceosomal U4 snRNP core domain and its implication for snRNP biogenesis.
Identification of two genes causing reinforcement in the Texas wildflower Phlox drummondii.
DNA stretching by bacterial initiators promotes replication origin opening.
Electronics: Industry-compatible graphene transistors.
Orbital excitation blockade and algorithmic cooling in quantum gases.
Latent TGF-[bgr] binding protein 3 identifies a second heart field in zebrafish.
Decoherence in crystals of quantum molecular magnets.
Earth/'s Trojan asteroid.
Gravitational redshift of galaxies in clusters as predicted by general relativity.
The Sagittarius impact as an architect of spirality and outer rings in the Milky Way.
An alternative route to cyclic terpenes by reductive cyclization in iridoid biosynthesis.
A Cenozoic record of the equatorial Pacific carbonate compensation depth.
Generation of functional thyroid from embryonic stem cells.
Decadal to monthly timescales of magma transfer and reservoir growth at a caldera volcano.
Watching DNA polymerase [eegr] make a phosphodiester bond.
Tail-assisted pitch control in lizards, robots and dinosaurs.
Ocean oxygenation in the wake of the Marinoan glaciation.
Earth-like sand fluxes on Mars.
The hexadehydro-DielsAlder reaction.
Structure of the immature retroviral capsid at 8 [thinsp] A resolution by cryo-electron microscopy.
A gravitationally lensed water maser in the early Universe.
Vibrational excitation through tug-of-war inelastic collisions.
Does Rft1 flip an N-glycan lipid precursor?.
Transient nature of late Pleistocene climate variability.
Chemistry: Precious little catalyst.
Temporal identity in axonal target layer recognition.
Formation and branch migration of Holliday junctions mediated by eukaryotic recombinases.
Cancer complexity slows quest for cure.
Crystal structure of the &lgr; repressor and a model for pairwise cooperative operator binding.
Neuropathology: Alzheimer's in real time.
Organic chemistry: a digital fluorescent molecular photoswitch.
Pseudomonas biofilm formation and antibiotic resistance are linked to phenotypic variation.
Metabolic network structure determines key aspects of functionality and regulation.
Genome sequence of the plant pathogen Ralstonia solanacearum.
BH3-only Bcl-2 family member Bim is required for apoptosis of autoreactive thymocytes.
Medical need, scientific opportunity and the drive for antimalarial drugs.
Structure of a protein determined by solid-state magic-angle-spinning NMR spectroscopy.
Engineered gene circuits.
Malaria in 2002.
Th1-specific cell surface protein Tim-3 regulates macrophage activation and severity of an autoimmune disease.
High-mobility three-atom-thick semiconducting films with wafer-scale homogeneity.
Molecular biology: Entry signals control development.
Molecular biology: It takes two to untangle.
Histone H1 couples initiation and amplification of ubiquitin signalling after DNA damage.
Genomics: CRISPR engineering turns on genes.
Transference.
The heat released during catalytic turnover enhances the diffusion of an enzyme.
Evolutionary origin of the turtle skull.
Physics: One hundred years of general relativity.
An extremely high-altitude plume seen at Mars/'morning terminator.
Microfluidics: Analog-to-digital drug screening.
Turing centenary: pattern formation.
Direct and highly regioselective and enantioselective allylation of [bgr]-diketones.
The origin of the terrestrial noble-gas signature.
Stem cells: a sporadic super state.
Immunology: Allergy challenged.
Policy: Base sustainable development goals on science.
Therapeutics: silencing psoriasis.
Conservation: Tourism ban won't help Indian tigers.
Plant nutrition: rooting for more phosphorus.
Structure of a type IV secretion system core complex.
Molecular and evolutionary history of melanism in North American gray wolves.
Regulation of neuronal survival factor MEF2D by chaperone-mediated autophagy.
Unstable tandem repeats in promoters confer transcriptional evolvability.
Aragonite undersaturation in the Arctic Ocean: effects of ocean acidification and sea ice melt.
Atmospheric carbon dioxide concentration across the mid-Pleistocene transition.
Temporal and spatial variability of lunar hydration as observed by the Deep Impact spacecraft.
Nonporous organic solids capable of dynamically resolving mixtures of diiodoperfluoroalkanes.
Adjoint tomography of the southern California crust.
Chlamydomonas swims with two gears in a eukaryotic version of run-and-tumble locomotion.
Role of nonimmune IgG bound to PfEMP1 in placental malaria.
Effects of cis arrangement of chromatin insulators on enhancer-blocking activity.
Construction principles of" hyparenes": families of molecules with planar pentacoordinate carbons.
Spermiogenesis deficiency in mice lacking the Trf2 gene.
SUB1, an Arabidopsis Ca2+-binding protein involved in cryptochrome and phytochrome coaction.
Ventroptin: a BMP-4 antagonist expressed in a double-gradient pattern in the retina.
Spatiotemporal self-organization in a surface reaction: from the atomic to the mesoscopic scale.
Resolving the structure of ionized helium in the intergalactic medium with the far ultraviolet spectroscopic explorer.
Allosteric activation of a spring-loaded natriuretic peptide receptor dimer by hormone.
Searching for medicine's sweet spot.
Mouse genetics: Full house.
Eukaryotic evolution: early origin of canonical introns.
Discounting: an eye on the future.
Climate change (Communication arising): Recent temperature trends in the Antarctic.
Ageing: the old worm turns more slowly.
Magnetic properties (Communication arising): Parasitic ferromagnetism in a hexaboride?.
Agricultural biotech: the rice squad.
Developmental biology: Your destiny, from day one.
Cyclotron resonance of composite fermions.
Taxonomy, at the click of a mouse.
Identification of genetic variants that affect histone modifications in human cells.
Exonic transcription factor binding directs codon choice and affects protein evolution.
Nuclear PTEN controls DNA repair and sensitivity to genotoxic stress.
Hyperdominance in the Amazonian tree flora.
One-step assembly of coordination complexes for versatile film and particle engineering.
Groundwater arsenic contamination throughout China.
Coordinated effects of sequence variation on DNA binding, chromatin structure, and transcription.
Real-space identification of intermolecular bonding with atomic force microscopy.
Periodic segregation of solute atoms in fully coherent twin boundaries.
Organization of the mitotic chromosome.
X-Chromosome inactivation in cloned mouse embryos.
Early development of ocular dominance columns.
Protection against cutaneous leishmaniasis resulting from bites of uninfected sand flies.
Rapid extinction of the moas (Aves: Dinornithiformes): model, test, and implications.
Positioning of the mitotic spindle by a cortical-microtubule capture mechanism.
Transgenic mouse model of stunned myocardium.
Increase of maximum life-span in Sweden, 1861-1999.
Crossing the Hopf bifurcation in a live predator-prey system.
Coseismic and postseismic fault slip for the 17 August 1999, M= 7.5, Izmit, Turkey earthquake.
Population dynamical consequences of climate change for a small temperate songbird.
Osmosensing by bacteria.
Differential secretion of cytokines.
Neuregulin-1 and myelination.
Pheromone signaling pathways in yeast.
MAPping out arteries and veins.
Out-of-India Gondwanan origin of some tropical Asian biota.
A tale of two signals: Wnt and Hedgehog in dentate neurogenesis.
Second messenger pas de deux: the coordinated dance between calcium and cAMP.
Argonaute HITS-CLIP decodes microRNAmRNA interaction maps.
Association of reactive oxygen species levels and radioresistance in cancer stem cells.
Crypt stem cells as the cells-of-origin of intestinal cancer.
Autophagy regulates lipid metabolism.
Driving fast-spiking cells induces gamma rhythm and controls sensory responses.
Low-temperature oxidation of CO catalysed by Co3O4 nanorods.
Suppression of induced pluripotent stem cell generation by the p53p21 pathway.
The structure and function of G-protein-coupled receptors.
ChIP-seq accurately predicts tissue-specific activity of enhancers.
Parvalbumin neurons and gamma rhythms enhance cortical circuit performance.
Evidence for mantle metasomatism by hydrous silicic melts derived from subducted oceanic crust.
Crystal structure of the B7-1/CTLA-4 complex that inhibits human immune responses.
Crystal structure of an Eph receptorephrin complex.
Coupled major and trace elements as indicators of the extent of melting in mid-ocean-ridge peridotites.
Gene defect in ectodermal dysplasia implicates a death domain adapter in development.
Unconscious priming eliminates automatic binding of colour and alphanumeric form in synaesthesia.
Iron deficiency induces the formation of an antenna ring around trimeric photosystem I in cyanobacteria.
Integrins mediate functional pre-and postsynaptic maturation at a hippocampal synapse.
Demography of the endangered North Atlantic right whale.
Ecological importance of trichromatic vision to primates.
Amplification of chirality in two-dimensional enantiomorphous lattices.
Clarifying the mechanics of DNA strand exchange in meiotic recombination.
V1 spinal neurons regulate the speed of vertebrate locomotor outputs.
Ovulated oocytes in adult mice derive from non-circulating germ cells.
Insights into social insects from the genome of the honeybee Apis mellifera.
CHIP-mediated stress recovery by sequential ubiquitination of substrates and Hsp70.
Sleep in Drosophila is regulated by adult mushroom bodies.
Adsorption-induced scission of carboncarbon bonds.
Positive and negative effects of widespread badger culling on tuberculosis in cattle.
Smad4 signalling in T cells is required for suppression of gastrointestinal cancer.
Why is climate sensitivity so unpredictable?.
Anterior prefrontal function and the limits of human decision-making.
Distinct populations of primary and secondary effectors during RNAi in C. elegans.
Sexual selection in males and females.
Beating the standard quantum limit with four-entangled photons.
Influence of phylogeny on fungal community assembly and ecosystem functioning.
Cylindrical block copolymer micelles and co-micelles of controlled length and architecture.
Multiple high-throughput analyses monitor the response of E. coli to perturbations.
Crossing the nuclear envelope: hierarchical regulation of nucleocytoplasmic transport.
Anti-inflammatory activity of human IgG4 antibodies by dynamic Fab arm exchange.
The structure of the ribosome with elongation factor G trapped in the posttranslocational state.
Control of spin precession in a spin-injected field effect transistor.
Dirac strings and magnetic monopoles in the spin ice Dy2Ti2O7.
Cell signaling in space and time: where proteins come together and when they're apart.
The crystal structure of the ribosome bound to EF-Tu and aminoacyl-tRNA.
Sensing chromosome bi-orientation by spatial separation of aurora B kinase from kinetochore substrates.
Transcriptome complexity in a genome-reduced bacterium.
PTP is a receptor for chondroitin sulfate proteoglycan, an inhibitor of neural regeneration.
Reassessment of the potential sea-level rise from a collapse of the West Antarctic Ice Sheet.
Mindblind eyes: an absence of spontaneous theory of mind in Asperger syndrome.
Volunteering leads to rockpaperscissors dynamics in a public goods game.
Prion disease: horizontal prion transmission in mule deer.
Fidelity in planar cell polarity signalling.
Enantiospecific electrodeposition of a chiral catalyst.
Sophisticated sperm allocation in male fowl.
Non-saturating magnetoresistance in heavily disordered semiconductors.
The genetic basis for skeletal diseases.
Homogeneous climate variability across East Antarctica over the past three glacial cycles.
The long-term carbon cycle, fossil fuels and atmospheric composition.
Immunology: hepatitis A virus link to atopic disease.
Embryonic lethality in mice homozygous for a processing-deficient allele of Notch1.
Repressor activity of Headless/Tcf3 is essential for vertebrate head formation.
The evolution of syntactic communication.
Proteomics: guilt-by-association goes global.
JNK is required for effector T-cell function but not for T-cell activation.
Vaccines against intracellular infections requiring cellular immunity.
Evidence for decoupling of atmospheric CO2 and global climate during the Phanerozoic eon.
Osteoimmunology: bone versus immune system.
Minimization of Boolean complexity in human concept learning.
Functional interaction of phytochrome B and cryptochrome 2.
A monoclinic post-stishovite polymorph of silica in the Shergotty meteorite.
Deconstructing the" science wars" by reconstructing an old mold.
Enhanced: 1000 years of climate change.
Genetically modified crops and farmland biodiversity.
Privatizing the University--the New Tragedy of the Commons.
RNA interference.
Sex determination in malaria parasites.
Io's thermal emission from the Galileo photopolarimeter-radiometer.
Stat3-mediated transformation of NIH-3T3 cells by the constitutively active Q205L Go protein.
Cloning: pathways to a pluripotent future.
Fukushima revives the low-dose debate.
Human locomotor circuits conform.
Devastating earthquake defied expectations.
Trying to reset the clock on type 1 diabetes.
Decrying CIA vaccination sham, health workers brace for backlash.
Disease risk links to gene regulation.
The disappearing third dimension.
Preventing the next Fukushima.
Antenna-guided light.
Refining quantum cryptography.
Pressure dependence of the superconducting transition temperature of magnesium diboride.
Modulation of blood fluke development in the liver by hepatic CD4+ lymphocytes.
A 14,000-year oxygen isotope record from diatom silica in two alpine lakes on Mt. Kenya.
Alignment of liquid crystals with patterned isotropic surfaces.
Can genes explain biological complexity?.
Managing climate risk.
Toward paperlike displays.
Dating Caral, a preceramic site in the Supe Valley on the central coast of Peru.
Climate-driven range expansion and morphological evolution in a marine gastropod.
Role of the stratospheric polar freezing belt in denitrification.
DNA oxidation as triggered by H3K9me2 demethylation drives estrogen-induced gene expression.
cAMP-dependent signaling as a core component of the mammalian circadian pacemaker.
Reciprocal binding of PARP-1 and histone H1 at promoters specifies transcriptional outcomes.
Effects of molecular memory and bursting on fluctuations in gene expression.
The crystal structure of a mammalian fatty acid synthase.
Nuclear coupling and polarization in molecular transport junctions: beyond tunneling to function.
Mutations in the pericentrin (PCNT) gene cause primordial dwarfism.
Intersection of the RNA interference and X-inactivation pathways.
A cytosolic iron chaperone that delivers iron to ferritin.
Conservation and rewiring of functional modules revealed by an epistasis map in fission yeast.
Materials science: Energy storage wrapped up.
Divergent reprogramming routes lead to alternative stem-cell states.
Cell-autonomous correction of ring chromosomes in human induced pluripotent stem cells.
Low investment in sexual reproduction threatens plants adapted to phosphorus limitation.
Misaligned protoplanetary disks in a young binary star system.
Assembly-line synthesis of organic molecules with tailored shapes.
A call for mental-health science.
The top 100 papers.
Dendritic cells control fibroblastic reticular network tension and lymph node expansion.
Influences of dietary uptake and reactive sulfides on metal bioavailability from aquatic sediments.
Single-molecule study of transcriptional pausing and arrest by E. coli RNA polymerase.
Tropical Pacific forcing of decadal SST variability in the western Indian Ocean over the past two centuries.
Micropatterning of organic electronic devices by cold-welding.
Conservation and novelty in the evolution of cell adhesion and extracellular matrix genes.
Regulation of protein secretion through controlled aggregation in the endoplasmic reticulum.
A structural framework for deciphering the link between I-Ag7 and autoimmune diabetes.
Support for the lunar cataclysm hypothesis from lunar meteorite impact melt ages.
Specific mutations induced by triplex-forming oligonucleotides in mice.
A 22,000-year record of monsoonal precipitation from northern Chile's Atacama Desert.
Discovery of soybean aphid biotypes.
Genetic improvement of sorghum as a biofuel feedstock: I. QTL for stem sugar and grain nonstructural carbohydrates.
Novel germplasm resources for improving environmental stress tolerance of hexaploid wheat.
Entire catchment and buffer zone approaches to modeling linkage between river water quality and land covera case study of Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan.
Development of genetic and genomic research resources for, a new model system for grass crop research.
Allelic variation at the vernalization genes, and in chinese wheat cultivars and their association with growth habit.
Heterosis in switchgrass: biomass yield in swards.
Sensitivity of grain sorghum to high temperature stress during reproductive development.
Genetic improvement of sorghum as a biofuel feedstock: II. QTL for stem and leaf structural carbohydrates.
The epidemiological transition: the current status of infectious diseases in the developed world versus the developing world.
Turkish physicists face accusations of plagiarism.
Organic chemistry: Aromatics with a twist.
[C] Biofuels bandwagon hits a rut..
Structural Biology: Analysis of'downhill'protein folding; Analysis of protein-folding cooperativity (Reply).
[C] Half-metallic graphene nanoribbons.
Atomic physics: a whiff of antimatter soup.
Neglected diseases.
Future CO2 emissions and climate change from existing energy infrastructure.
Genetic reactivation of cone photoreceptors restores visual responses in retinitis pigmentosa.
Intestinal stem cell replacement follows a pattern of neutral drift.
Genomic analysis of organismal complexity in the multicellular green alga Volvox carteri.
Reversible microbial colonization of germ-free mice reveals the dynamics of IgA immune responses.
A septin diffusion barrier at the base of the primary cilium maintains ciliary membrane protein distribution.
The last glacial termination.
Induction of broadly neutralizing H1N1 influenza antibodies by vaccination.
The road ahead for metamaterials.
Measuring food insecurity.
Calcisponges have a ParaHox gene and dynamic expression of dispersed NK homeobox genes.
Structure and mechanism of the tRNA-dependent lantibiotic dehydratase NisB.
Identification of an iridium-containing compound with a formal oxidation state of IX.
Structural basis for translocation by AddAB helicase-nuclease and its arrest at [khgr] sites.
Abrupt glacial climate shifts controlled by ice sheet changes.
The exclusion of a significant range of ages in a massive star cluster.
A suspension-feeding anomalocarid from the Early Cambrian.
Island biogeography of the Anthropocene.
Climate science: A resolution of the Antarctic paradox.
[C] Epigenomics starts to make its mark..
Small heat-shock proteins protect from heat-stroke-associated neurodegeneration.
Response of salt-marsh carbon accumulation to climate change.
Basic amino-acid side chains regulate transmembrane integrin signalling.
Exciton condensation and perfect Coulomb drag.
Materials science: super carbon.
Bose glass and Mott glass of quasiparticles in a doped quantum magnet.
Structural basis for RNA-duplex recognition and unwinding by the DEAD-box helicase Mss116p.
Long-term decline of global atmospheric ethane concentrations and implications for methane.
Unexpectedly large mass loss during the thermal pulse cycle of the red giant star R Sculptoris.
Interleukin receptor activates a MYD88-ARNO-ARF6 cascade to disrupt vascular stability.
Remote electronic control of DNA hybridization through inductive coupling to an attached metal nanocrystal antenna.
Mechanism for the learning deficits in a mouse model of neurofibromatosis type 1.
The endophilinCIN85Cbl complex mediates ligand-dependent downregulation of c-Met.
Shoot control of root development and nodulation is mediated by a receptor-like kinase.
NMR analysis of a 900K GroELGroES complex.
Herbicides: feminization of male frogs in the wild.
Reverse engineering of the giant muscle protein titin.
Arabidopsis boron transporter for xylem loading.
Adenovirus oncoproteins inactivate the Mre11Rad50NBS1 DNA repair complex.
Gene therapy: biological pacemaker created by gene transfer.
Synchronicity of Antarctic temperatures and local solar insolation on orbital timescales.
A mass transfer origin for blue stragglers in NGC 188 as revealed by half-solar-mass companions.
Prevention: activity is the best medicine.
Easier citizen science is better.
Body plan innovation in treehoppers through the evolution of an extra wing-like appendage.
Transitional mammalian middle ear from a new Cretaceous Jehol eutriconodont.
Convergence: where west meets east.
Structural basis for site-specific ribose methylation by box C/D RNA protein complexes.
Regulatory evolution through divergence of a phosphoswitch in the transcription factor CEBPB.
Perspective: A new hope for Africa.
Altered patterns of sleep and behavioral adaptability in NPAS2-deficient mice.
An Early Cretaceous tribosphenic mammal and metatherian evolution.
Dishevelled 2 recruits -arrestin 2 to mediate Wnt5A-stimulated endocytosis of Frizzled 4.
Structure of west nile virus.
Real-time observation of bimodal proton transfer in acid-base pairs in water.
A war on obesity, not the obese.
Whales before whaling in the North Atlantic.
Packing C60 in boron nitride nanotubes.
The 2002 Denali fault earthquake, Alaska: a large magnitude, slip-partitioned event.
Design and chemical synthesis of a homogeneous polymer-modified erythropoiesis protein.
Dopamine's reversal of fortune.
High CO2 levels may give fast-growing trees an edge.
Sequencing genomes and beyond.
RNP remodeling with DExH/D boxes.
[C] Livestock diseases and human health.
How the body's' garbage disposal'may inactivate drugs.
Driving a stake into resurgent TB.
[C] The biomedical research bottleneck.
The E3 ubiquitin ligase Itch inhibits p38 signaling and skin inflammation through the ubiquitylation of Tab1.
An analysis of critical factors for quantitative immunoblotting.
Molecular recognition of ketamine by a subset of olfactory G proteincoupled receptors.
Combined cardiomyocyte PKC and PKC gene deletion uncovers their central role in restraining developmental and reactive heart growth.
Dynamic phosphoproteomics reveals TORC1-dependent regulation of yeast nucleotide and amino acid biosynthesis.
HER2-mTOR signalingdriven breast cancer cells require ER-associated degradation to survive.
A large-scale screen reveals genes that mediate electrotaxis in Dictyostelium discoideum.
Interleukin-10producing CD5+ B cells inhibit mast cells during immunoglobulin Emediated allergic responses.
Shedding of the tumor necrosis factor (TNF) receptor from the surface of hepatocytes during sepsis limits inflammation through cGMP signaling.
Conformational activation of visual rhodopsin in native disc membranes.
Magnetic properties experiments on the Mars Exploration Rover Spirit at Gusev crater.
Phase diagram of degenerate exciton systems.
First atmospheric science results from the Mars Exploration Rovers Mini-TES.
Surficial deposits at Gusev crater along Spirit rover traverses.
Transient interface sharpening in miscible alloys.
Decoding the Ediacaran enigma.
Addicted rats.
[C] Unification in the century of biology.
Fungal proliferation at the Cretaceous-Tertiary boundary..
A comparative study on performance of MM5 and WRF models in simulation of tropical cyclones over Indian seas.
Land-use and land-cover change and future implication analysis in Manas National Park, India using multi-temporal satellite data.
Changes of urban wetland landscape pattern and impacts of urbanization on wetland in Wuhan City.
Molecular genetic characterization of Kutchi breed of goat.
Bioenergetic cost of heat tolerance in wheat crop.
Codependents in the Stress Response.
Endosulfan suppresses growth and reproduction in zebrafish.
GFP expressing bacterial biosensor to measure lead contamination in aquatic environment.
Molecular markers and their use in marker-assisted selection in rice.
Climate change impacts on seals and whales in the North Atlantic Arctic and adjacent shelf seas.
Identification of a cellular cofactor required for infection by feline leukemia virus.
Hurricane disturbance and tropical tree species diversity.
Plant biology in 2010.
The elemental composition of asteroid 433 Eros: Results of the NEAR-Shoemaker X-ray spectrometer.
The best of times, the worst of times.
Interpreting differential temperature trends at the surface and in the lower troposphere.
Evidence for a high frequency of simultaneous double-nucleotide substitutions.
On the presence of liquid in Earth's inner core.
Interfering with gene expression.
A simpler nucleic acid.
BRCA2 function in DNA binding and recombination from a BRCA2-DSS1-ssDNA structure.
Super ENSO and global climate oscillations at millennial time scales.
Macrophage apoptosis by anthrax lethal factor through p38 MAP kinase inhibition.
Cosmic rays, clouds, and climate.
Representation of the quantity of visual items in the primate prefrontal cortex.
Quantifying uncertainties in climate system properties with the use of recent climate observations.
Combinatorial synthesis of genetic networks.
Warming of the Southern Ocean since the 1950s.
Neurotoxicity and neurodegeneration when PrP accumulates in the cytosol.
Nanocrystallization during nanoindentation of a bulk amorphous metal alloy at room temperature.
Regulatory blueprint for a chordate embryo.
Design and evolution of new catalytic activity with an existing protein scaffold.
Identification of a dynamic atmosphere at Enceladus with the Cassini magnetometer.
Global control of dimorphism and virulence in fungi.
The Phase-Dependent Infrared Brightness of the Extrasolar Planet  Andromedae b.
Direct measurement of the full, sequence-dependent folding landscape of a nucleic acid.
Biomass, size, and trophic status of top predators in the Pacific Ocean.
Cenozoic plant diversity in the Neotropics.
Caveolin-1 is essential for liver regeneration.
Structure of the vesicular stomatitis virus nucleoprotein-RNA complex.
Extreme electric fields power catalysis in the active site of ketosteroid isomerase.
The future lies in uncertainty.
After the windfall.
Large sulfur isotope fractionations associated with Neoarchean microbial sulfate reduction.
Nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors possess intrinsic anti-inflammatory activity.
Sidewinding with minimal slip: Snake and robot ascent of sandy slopes.
SRP RNA remodeling by SRP68 explains its role in protein translocation.
Molecular tuning of quantum plasmon resonances.
Halving premature death.
Best practices for biofuels.
Ageing: cloning of mice to six generations.
Bacterial photosynthesis in surface waters of the open ocean.
Pairing of isolated nucleic-acid bases in the absence of the DNA backbone.
Chromosomal evolution in Saccharomyces.
Gigantic optical nonlinearity in one-dimensional MottHubbard insulators.
The duration of antigen receptor signalling determines CD4+ versus CD8+ T-cell lineage fate.
Interferometric radar measurements of water level changes on the Amazon flood plain.
Cheap and cheerful circuits.
The temporal response of the brain after eating revealed by functional MRI.
A genetic link between co-suppression and RNA interference in C. elegans.
The kinetics of two-dimensional TCR and pMHC interactions determine T-cell responsiveness.
Tbx3 improves the germ-line competency of induced pluripotent stem cells.
Lkb1 regulates quiescence and metabolic homeostasis of haematopoietic stem cells.
Fixing the communications failure.
U1 snRNP protects pre-mRNAs from premature cleavage and polyadenylation.
Increasing springtime ozone mixing ratios in the free troposphere over western North America.
Measurement of single-cell dynamics.
Organic agriculture promotes evenness and natural pest control.
Odorant reception in the malaria mosquito Anopheles gambiae.
A relativistic type Ibc supernova without a detected &ggr;-ray burst.
Simultaneous inhibition and redistribution of spontaneous light emission in photonic crystals.
A direct role for dual oxidase in Drosophila gut immunity.
142Nd evidence for early (> 4.53 Ga) global differentiation of the silicate Earth.
Category-specific cortical activity precedes retrieval during memory search.
Independent codes for spatial and episodic memory in hippocampal neuronal ensembles.
Structural observation of the primary isomerization in vision with femtosecond-stimulated Raman.
A generalized approach to the modification of solid surfaces.
Ancient DNA from the first European farmers in 7500-year-old Neolithic sites.
Azathioprine and UVA light generate mutagenic oxidative DNA damage.
Principles of selective ion transport in channels and pumps.
A CaMK IV responsive RNA element mediates depolarization-induced alternative splicing of ion channels.
Stimulated emission of polarization-entangled photons.
Bacteriophytochromes are photochromic histidine kinases using a biliverdin chromophore.
Engulfment genes cooperate with ced-3 to promote cell death in Caenorhabditis elegans.
The S-locus receptor kinase is inhibited by thioredoxins and activated by pollen coat proteins.
A pol I transcriptional body associated with VSG mono-allelic expression in Trypanosoma brucei.
Semiconducting non-molecular nitrogen up to 240 GPa and its low-pressure stability.
Mealybug -proteobacterial endosymbionts contain -proteobacterial symbionts.
The zebrafish Nodal signal Squint functions as a morphogen.
Pattern and intensity of physical activity.
Guidelines for investigating causality of sequence variants in human disease.
Superconducting quantum circuits at the surface code threshold for fault tolerance.
Experimental realization of the topological Haldane model with ultracold fermions.
DNA interrogation by the CRISPR RNA-guided endonuclease Cas9.
A mesoscale connectome of the mouse brain.
Obesity-associated variants within FTO form long-range functional connections with IRX3.
Fuel gain exceeding unity in an inertially confined fusion implosion.
Human embryonic-stem-cell-derived cardiomyocytes regenerate non-human primate hearts.
A large source of low-volatility secondary organic aerosol.
An overview of N-heterocyclic carbenes.
BoseEinstein condensation of the triplet states in the magnetic insulator TlCuCl3.
The formation of the first low-mass stars from gas with low carbon and oxygen abundances.
Precise dating of DansgaardOeschger climate oscillations in western Europe from stalagmite data.
Evolutionary conservation of biogenesis of -barrel membrane proteins.
Decoupling of erosion and precipitation in the Himalayas.
Folding at the speed limit.
Patterns of predation in a diverse predatorprey system.
Virology: SARS virus infection of cats and ferrets.
Haematopoietic stem cells retain long-term repopulating activity and multipotency in the absence of stem-cell leukaemia SCL/tal-1 gene.
The politics of publication.
Elephant shark genome provides unique insights into gnathostome evolution.
De novo protein crystal structure determination from X-ray free-electron laser data.
The ctenophore genome and the evolutionary origins of neural systems.
C9orf72 nucleotide repeat structures initiate molecular cascades of disease.
Properties of galaxies reproduced by a hydrodynamic simulation.
Capillary pericytes regulate cerebral blood flow in health and disease.
N6-methyladenosine-dependent regulation of messenger RNA stability.
PD-1 blockade induces responses by inhibiting adaptive immune resistance.
The evolution of lncRNA repertoires and expression patterns in tetrapods.
NIH plans to enhance reproducibility.
BRCA1 tumor suppression depends on BRCT phosphoprotein binding, but not its E3 ligase activity.
KOI-126: A triply eclipsing hierarchical triple with two low-mass stars.
Ribosome assembly factors prevent premature translation initiation by 40S assembly intermediates.
Specificity of Drosophila cytonemes for distinct signaling pathways.
The diets of early hominins.
Incipient space weathering observed on the surface of Itokawa dust particles.
Mechanism of RAD51-dependent DNA interstrand cross-link repair.
Drosophila CENH3 is sufficient for centromere formation.
Experimental evidence supports a sex-specific selective sieve in mitochondrial genome evolution.
Correction of sickle cell disease in adult mice by interference with fetal hemoglobin silencing.
Synthetic biology: Four steps to avoid a synthetic-biology disaster.
Oceanic nitrogen reservoir regulated by plankton diversity and ocean circulation.
[C] Beware the creeping cracks of bias..
RR-Lyrae-type pulsations from a 0.26-solar-mass star in a binary system.
Patterning by controlled cracking.
Surprisingly complex community discovered in the mid-Devonian fossil forest at Gilboa.
Development of teeth and jaws in the earliest jawed vertebrates.
High velocity dispersion in a rare grand-design spiral galaxy at redshift z= 2.18.
Compartmentalized calcium dynamics in a C. elegans interneuron encode head movement.
Light echoes reveal an unexpectedly cool [eegr][thinsp] Carinae during its nineteenth-century Great Eruption.
Fork reversal and ssDNA accumulation at stalled replication forks owing to checkpoint defects.
Breeding together: kin selection and mutualism in cooperative vertebrates.
Solution of a 20-variable 3-SAT problem on a DNA computer.
Intercellular communication in the mammalian ovary: oocytes carry the conversation.
Multiple glassy states in a simple model system.
SynCAM, a synaptic adhesion molecule that drives synapse assembly.
Sp1 and TAFII130 transcriptional activity disrupted in early Huntington's disease.
Loss of sex discrimination and male-male aggression in mice deficient for TRP2.
Sequence-specific molecular lithography on single DNA molecules.
Antibody-based bio-nanotube membranes for enantiomeric drug separations.
Spontaneous organization of single CdTe nanoparticles into luminescent nanowires.
Toward self-organization and complex matter.
The IB-NF-B signaling module: temporal control and selective gene activation.
Mediation of poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase-1-dependent cell death by apoptosis-inducing factor.
Climate warming and disease risks for terrestrial and marine biota.
Capturing chromosome conformation.
A stem cell molecular signature.
Direct cortical control of 3D neuroprosthetic devices.
Colloidosomes: selectively permeable capsules composed of colloidal particles.
Whole-genome shotgun assembly and analysis of the genome of Fugu rubripes.
Economic importance of bats in agriculture.
Control of local protein synthesis and initial events in myelination by action potentials.
Social and ecological synergy: local rulemaking, forest livelihoods, and biodiversity conservation.
Ionic liquidmediated selective conversion of CO2 to CO at low overpotentials.
Cortical constriction during abscission involves helices of ESCRT-IIIdependent filaments.
The onset of turbulence in pipe flow.
Interaction-driven spectrum reconstruction in bilayer graphene.
Electron vortex beams with high quanta of orbital angular momentum.
Microtubule stabilization reduces scarring and causes axon regeneration after spinal cord injury.
Spontaneous cortical activity reveals hallmarks of an optimal internal model of the environment.
Energetic coupling between plastids and mitochondria drives CO2 assimilation in diatoms.
Primatology: Among the lemurs.
Astrophysics: A lithium-rich stellar explosion.
Stable gold (III) catalysts by oxidative addition of a carbon-carbon bond.
Planetary science: Enceladus' hot springs.
Quantum physics: Teleportation for two.
Crystal structure of the dynamin tetramer.
The architecture of the spliceosomal U4/U6. U5 tri-snRNP.
The hypoxic cancer secretome induces pre-metastatic bone lesions through lysyl oxidase.
Medical research: Subject to reflection.
The climate change debates.
Nonlinear elasticity and an 8-nm working stroke of single myosin molecules in myofilaments.
Simulated rapid warming of abyssal North Pacific waters.
Discovery of a Frank-Kasper  phase in sphere-forming block copolymer melts.
Unidirectional airflow in the lungs of alligators.
An evolving view of Saturn's dynamic rings.
[C] It's time to reinvent the transistor!.
Mercury's complex exosphere: Results from MESSENGER's third flyby.
Freshwater outburst from Lake Superior as a trigger for the cold event 9300 years ago.
The chlorine isotope composition of the Moon and implications for an anhydrous mantle.
Quasiparticle mass enhancement approaching optimal doping in a high-Tc superconductor.
Making sense of amino acid sensing.
The structure of the dynactin complex and its interaction with dynein.
Killing, sex, and gene swaps in bacteria.
Replication-transcription switch in human mitochondria.
Division of labor in transhydrogenase by alternating proton translocation and hydride transfer.
Has there been a hiatus?.
Structures of the CRISPR-Cmr complex reveal mode of RNA target positioning.
T cell exclusion, immune privilege, and the tumor microenvironment.
Wireless magnetothermal deep brain stimulation.
Drug development: Raise standards for preclinical cancer research.
Reach and grasp by people with tetraplegia using a neurally controlled robotic arm.
Functional interactions between the gut microbiota and host metabolism.
Tumour micro-environment elicits innate resistance to RAF inhibitors through HGF secretion.
Approaching a state shift in Earth/'s biosphere.
High-performance bulk thermoelectrics with all-scale hierarchical architectures.
Systematic identification of genomic markers of drug sensitivity in cancer cells.
Driver mutations in histone H3. 3 and chromatin remodelling genes in paediatric glioblastoma.
RNA-guided genetic silencing systems in bacteria and archaea.
A restricted cell population propagates glioblastoma growth after chemotherapy.
XUTs are a class of Xrn1-sensitive antisense regulatory non-coding RNA in yeast.
Eutherian mammals use diverse strategies to initiate X-chromosome inactivation during development.
Control of flowering and storage organ formation in potato by FLOWERING LOCUS T.
Functional mapping of single spines in cortical neurons in vivo.
Suppression of lung adenocarcinoma progression by Nkx2-1.
Phylogenomic analyses unravel annelid evolution.
Rapid evolutionary innovation during an Archaean genetic expansion.
Melt-induced speed-up of Greenland ice sheet offset by efficient subglacial drainage.
Acetylation-dependent regulation of endothelial Notch signalling by the SIRT1 deacetylase.
Synaptic potentiation onto habenula neurons in the learned helplessness model of depression.
Serpentinite seduction.
TRK makes the retrograde.
Is sceince different for lawyers?.
Suit ties whale deaths to research cruise.
Mixing and de-mixing.
Olmec origins of Mesoamerican writing.
[C] Mechanical Circulatory Support--a Long and Winding Road.
Alliance launched to model E. coli.
A warmer Arctic means change for all.
Hot and cold TRP ion channels.
Orbital tomography: molecular band maps, momentum.
Genome Plasticity a Key Factor in the Success of Polyploid Wheat.
Structure and function of the PB1 domain, a protein interaction module conserved in animals, fungi, amoebas, and plants.
Studying integrin-mediated cell adhesion at the single-molecule level using AFM force spectroscopy.
IL-33: a sheep in wolf's clothing?.
T cell activation by TLRs: a role for TLRs in the adaptive immune response.
Rapid diversification of a species-rich genus of neotropical rain forest trees.
Anthropogenic warming of Earth's climate system.
Lysophospholipids--receptor revelations.
The foot-and-mouth epidemic in Great Britain: pattern of spread and impact of interventions.
RNA: guiding gene silencing.
Haplotype diversity and linkage disequilibrium at human G6PD: recent origin of alleles that confer malarial resistance.
Biosynthesis of complex polyketides in a metabolically engineered strain of E. coli.
RNA-catalyzed RNA polymerization: accurate and general RNA-templated primer extension.
Hierarchical organization of guidance receptors: silencing of netrin attraction by slit through a Robo/DCC receptor complex.
Conservation conflicts across Africa.
Repression of p53 activity by Smyd2-mediated methylation.
Putting the carbon back: Black is the new green.
Invasion and the evolution of speed in toads.
Toxin-induced conformational changes in a potassium channel revealed by solid-state NMR.
Molecular machines: Nanomotor rotates microscale objects.
Structural basis for the spectral difference in luciferase bioluminescence.
The prolyl isomerase Pin1 regulates amyloid precursor protein processing and amyloid- production.
Hexon-chimaeric adenovirus serotype 5 vectors circumvent pre-existing anti-vector immunity.
The calmodulin pathway and evolution of elongated beak morphology in Darwin's finches.
Assembly dynamics of microtubules at molecular resolution.
Stem-cell pioneer bows out.
Social neuroscience: Stress and the city.
Decline of violence: Taming the devil within us.
Quantum photonics: Entangled photons on a chip.
Molecular genetics: The sound of silence.
Perspective: lessons from Brazil.
Translational research: the American way.
Alzheimer's disease: recollection of lost memories.
Time to rethink the NIH.
Lifestyle: when allergies go west.
Mutations in BCKD-kinase lead to a potentially treatable form of autism with epilepsy.
Disruption of reconsolidation erases a fear memory trace in the human amygdala.
Enantioselective CH crotylation of primary alcohols via hydrohydroxyalkylation of butadiene.
The connectome of a decision-making neural network.
Visualizing long-term memory formation in two neurons of the Drosophila brain.
What next for agriculture after Durban.
Quantum algorithms for quantum field theories.
Oxytocin/vasopressin-related peptides have an ancient role in reproductive behavior.
The detection and characterization of a nontransiting planet by transit timing variations.
The structure of native influenza virion ribonucleoproteins.
PLANETS IN CHAOS.
Nodal signalling determines biradial asymmetry in Hydra.
Astronomy: Cosmic triangles and black-hole masses.
Signatures of aestivation and migration in Sahelian malaria mosquito populations.
Gender: resolve bias, don't excuse it.
Calcium transient prevalence across the dendritic arbour predicts place field properties.
Climate science: Clouds of uncertainty.
[C] Politics: End education meddling in Nepal.
Disease research: Rare insights.
Discovery of water vapour around IRC&plus; 10216 as evidence for comets orbiting another star.
Defects in mismatch repair promote telomerase-independent proliferation.
Materials science: Melting from within.
A question of scale.
Chromatic sensitivity of ganglion cells in the peripheral primate retina.
Supramolecular chemistry: Going for gold.
The earliest known fully quadrupedal sirenian.
Multiple benefits of gregariousness cover detectability costs in aposematic aggregations.
Stable ultrahigh-density magneto-optical recordings using introduced linear defects.
Cognitive neuroscience: bold insights.
The health risk of obesitybetter metrics imperative.
Causes and effects of N-terminal codon bias in bacterial genes.
Mechanism-based covalent neuraminidase inhibitors with broad-spectrum influenza antiviral activity.
Amine (imine) diphosphine iron catalysts for asymmetric transfer hydrogenation of ketones and imines.
Spin torquegenerated magnetic droplet solitons.
Global leaf trait relationships: mass, area, and the leaf economics spectrum.
Unique meteorite from early Amazonian Mars: Water-rich basaltic breccia Northwest Africa 7034.
All-optical switch and transistor gated by one stored photon.
Troubling trends in scientific software use.
Science, new media, and the public.
Cytometry: Measure for measure.
Outreach: Speak up for science.
Transcriptional control of autophagy-lysosome function drives pancreatic cancer metabolism.
Greece: Greek politics stall research reforms.
Glutathione activates virulence gene expression of an intracellular pathogen.
The double-degenerate, super-Chandrasekhar nucleus of the planetary nebula Henize 2-428.
Astrophysics: Galaxy [gamma]-ray signal was not oversold.
Whaling review: No case for Japan to kill minke whales.
Real-time Observation of interfering Crystal electroncs in high-harmonic Generation.
Reactivation of multipotency by oncogenic PIK3CA induces breast tumour heterogeneity.
Atmospheric oxygenation caused by a change in volcanic degassing pressure.
Save our soils.
Aerobic bacterial pyrite oxidation and acid rock drainage during the Great Oxidation Event.
Ganglion-specific splicing of TRPV1 underlies infrared sensation in vampire bats.
Sequential interactions with Sec23 control the direction of vesicle traffic.
Desertification: The next dust bowl.
Pathogenic exon-trapping by SVA retrotransposon and rescue in Fukuyama muscular dystrophy.
Spatially asymmetric reorganization of inhibition establishes a motion-sensitive circuit.
Non-apoptotic role of BID in inflammation and innate immunity.
Autism counts.
The Galactic Center: an interacting system of unusual sources.
Evidence for brainstem structures participating in oculomotor integration.
Prometheus: Io's wandering plume.
Scaling up HIV/AIDS programs to national coverage.
The holey grail of general intelligence.
Enhanced: the NO2 flux conundrum.
A close-up look at Io from Galileo's Near-Infrared Mapping Spectrometer.
[C] In search of stem cell policy.
Conquering the carbon-hydrogen bond.
Europe confronts the embryonic stem cell research challenge.
Rapid evolution drives ecological dynamics in a predatorprey system.
A positive-feedback-based bistable 'memory module'that governs a cell fate decision.
N2 production by the anammox reaction in the anoxic water column of Golfo Dulce, Costa Rica.
Links between signal transduction, transcription and adhesion in epithelial bud development.
An exceptionally preserved Lower Cretaceous ecosystem.
NF-B blockade and oncogenic Ras trigger invasive human epidermal neoplasia.
S-phase checkpoint proteins Tof1 and Mrc1 form a stable replication-pausing complex.
Stationary pulses of light in an atomic medium.
Speciation along environmental gradients.
Coordinated histone modifications mediated by a CtBP co-repressor complex.
A phosphatase complex that dephosphorylates H2AX regulates DNA damage checkpoint recovery.
GTP-dependent twisting of dynamin implicates constriction and tension in membrane fission.
The RNA-binding protein FCA is an abscisic acid receptor.
Virtual globes: The web-wide world.
Structural asymmetry and the stability of diverse food webs.
Oscillatory dependence of current-driven magnetic domain wall motion on current pulse length.
A galaxy at a redshift z &equals; 6.96.
The physical basis of how prion conformations determine strain phenotypes.
Transgeneration memory of stress in plants.
Artificial 'spin ice'in a geometrically frustrated lattice of nanoscale ferromagnetic islands.
Ethanol-induced apoptotic neurodegeneration and fetal alcohol syndrome.
Retinal stem cells in the adult mammalian eye.
How cells handle cholesterol.
Complete genome sequence of Neisseria meningitidis serogroup B strain MC58.
Failure to regulate TNF-induced NF-B and cell death responses in A20-deficient mice.
Bacterial rhodopsin: evidence for a new type of phototrophy in the sea.
Adaptive recognition by nucleic acid aptamers.
fw2. 2: a quantitative trait locus key to the evolution of tomato fruit size.
Quantum superposition of macroscopic persistent-current states.
The osteoblast: a sophisticated fibroblast under central surveillance.
fgf20 is essential for initiating zebrafish fin regeneration.
Structure of a  T cell receptor in complex with the nonclassical MHC T22.
The nature of aqueous tunneling pathways between electron-transfer proteins.
Inspirations from biological optics for advanced photonic systems.
An active role for tRNA in decoding beyond codon: anticodon pairing.
A fluoroquinolone resistance protein from Mycobacterium tuberculosis that mimics DNA.
The structure of a retinal-forming carotenoid oxygenase.
Rev1 employs a novel mechanism of DNA synthesis using a protein template.
Ultrafast X-ray diffraction of transient molecular structures in solution.
The first chemical enrichment in the Universe and the formation of hyper metal-poor stars.
Human IRGM induces autophagy to eliminate intracellular mycobacteria.
Darwinian evolution can follow only very few mutational paths to fitter proteins.
Detection, stimulation, and inhibition of neuronal signals with high-density nanowire transistor arrays.
CO/FT regulatory module controls timing of flowering and seasonal growth cessation in trees.
Type 1 interferons and the virus-host relationship: a lesson in detente.
Generation of gut-homing IgA-secreting B cells by intestinal dendritic cells.
Cassini observes the active south pole of Enceladus.
A cortical region consisting entirely of face-selective cells.
Visualization of cellulose synthase demonstrates functional association with microtubules.
Gene regulatory networks in the evolution and development of the heart.
Same-sex mating and the origin of the Vancouver Island Cryptococcus gattii outbreak.
Voltage-dependent electrogenic chloride/proton exchange by endosomal CLC proteins.
Non-equilibration of hydrostatic pressure in blebbing cells.
Low dose oral cannabinoid therapy reduces progression of atherosclerosis in mice.
The origin of the naked grains of maize.
Chemically tailorable colloidal particles from infinite coordination polymers.
Insolation-driven changes in atmospheric circulation over the past 116,000 years in subtropical Brazil.
Enhancement of cellular memory by reducing stochastic transitions.
Biochemistry: a cadmium enzyme from a marine diatom.
A genome-wide comparison of recent chimpanzee and human segmental duplications.
Principles of ubiquitin and SUMO modifications in DNA repair.
Nearly isotropic superconductivity in (Ba, K) Fe2As2.
NAADP mobilizes calcium from acidic organelles through two-pore channels.
Pulsed contractions of an actinmyosin network drive apical constriction.
Detection of functional haematopoietic stem cell niche using real-time imaging.
High-frequency modification of plant genes using engineered zinc-finger nucleases.
Observation of unidirectional backscattering-immune topological electromagnetic states.
The subcellular organization of neocortical excitatory connections.
Optimized dynamical decoupling in a model quantum memory.
Identification of a dendritic cell receptor that couples sensing of necrosis to immunity.
Accelerator physics: Surf's up at SLAC.
 .
Turning point: Shingo Kajimura.
Reproducibility: Fraud is not the big problem.
The vermilion market.
Conservation: focus on implementation.
Secret publishing deals exposed.
Transcript-RNA-templated DNA recombination and repair.
Cell biology: Potency unchained.
Choosing to stay.
Experience-dependent representation of visual categories in parietal cortex.
A neutron-star-driven X-ray flash associated with supernova SN 2006aj.
p63 protects the female germ line during meiotic arrest.
Detecting transient intermediates in macromolecular binding by paramagnetic NMR.
A juvenile early hominin skeleton from Dikika, Ethiopia.
Influence of the thalamus on spatial visual processing in frontal cortex.
Thermodynamic control of asymmetric amplification in amino acid catalysis.
Evolution of the continental crust.
Oenology: red wine procyanidins and vascular health.
Germline transmission of genetically modified primordial germ cells.
Mechanical crack propagation drives millisecond daughter cell separation in Staphylococcus aureus.
Deep roots for the genus Homo.
Being smart about SMART environmental targets.
A career's twisting road.
Quantum harmonic oscillator state synthesis by reservoir engineering.
Leadership Training for Early Career Researchers.
Selective assemblies of giant tetrahedra via precisely controlled positional interactions.
The mutagenic chain reaction: A method for converting heterozygous to homozygous mutations.
Smoking is associated with mosaic loss of chromosome Y.
[C] Renewable power: Germany's energy gamble..
Structures of protein-protein complexes involved in electron transfer.
Gating of the TrkH ion channel by its associated RCK protein TrkA.
Neuroscience: memory and the single molecule.
Olivine crystals align during diffusion creep of Earth/'s upper mantle.
[agr] TAT1 catalyses microtubule acetylation at clathrin-coated pits.
Late Miocene threshold response of marine algae to carbon dioxide limitation.
Retardation of arsenic transport through a Pleistocene aquifer.
Rand et al. reply.
Response to Comment on Specific and nonhepatotoxic degradation of nuclear hepatitis B virus cccDNA.
Reversal of female infertility by Chk2 ablation reveals the oocyte DNA damage checkpoint pathway.
Stellar activity masquerading as planets in the habitable zone of the M dwarf Gliese 581.
The structural basis of pathogenic subgenomic flavivirus RNA (sfRNA) production.
Ebola's perfect storm.
Decreased motivation during chronic pain requires long-term depression in the nucleus accumbens.
Ultrafast optical control of orbital and spin dynamics in a solid-state defect.
Fossilized nuclei and chromosomes reveal 180 million years of genomic stasis in royal ferns.
From parasitism to mutualism: unexpected interactions between a cuckoo and its host.
Fermi arcs in a doped pseudospin-1/2 Heisenberg antiferromagnet.
High-resolution record of climate stability in France during the last interglacial period.
Pathogen reservoirs: chironomid egg masses and Vibrio cholerae.
Universal behaviour in compressive failure of brittle materials.
The Sirens' song.
The size and albedo of the Kuiper-belt object (20000) Varuna.
Weather and climate on Mars.
The draft sequences: comparing species.
An evolutionary scaling law for the primate visual system and its basis in cortical function.
Coherent control of pulsed X-ray beams.
Fossil that fills a critical gap in avian evolution.
A map of the cis-regulatory sequences in the mouse genome.
In vivo genome editing using a high-efficiency TALEN system.
A global synthesis reveals biodiversity loss as a major driver of ecosystem change.
Reductive glutamine metabolism by IDH1 mediates lipogenesis under hypoxia.
Emergence of KRAS mutations and acquired resistance to anti-EGFR therapy in colorectal cancer.
Impact of caloric restriction on health and survival in rhesus monkeys from the NIA study.
Pancreatic cancer genomes reveal aberrations in axon guidance pathway genes.
Interactions between cancer stem cells and their niche govern metastatic colonization.
The oyster genome reveals stress adaptation and complexity of shell formation.
Heart repair by reprogramming non-myocytes with cardiac transcription factors.
Convergent evolution of a fused sexual cycle promotes the haploid lifestyle.
Instrumentation for the detection and characterization of exoplanets.
Inappropriate p53 activation during development induces features of CHARGE syndrome.
The structural basis of transfer RNA mimicry and conformational plasticity by a viral RNA.
The selective tRNA aminoacylation mechanism based on a single G [bull] U pair.
Three new Jurassic euharamiyidan species reinforce early divergence of mammals.
Isotopic links between atmospheric chemistry and the deep sulphur cycle on Mars.
Experimental realization of universal geometric quantum gates with solid-state spins.
Limits on fundamental limits to computation.
Evolution: geology and climate drive diversification.
Translocator protein (18 kD) as target for anxiolytics without benzodiazepine-like side effects.
Measuring the charge state of an adatom with noncontact atomic force microscopy.
Structural plasticity in actin and tubulin polymer dynamics.
Why and how bacteria localize proteins.
Paternal control of embryonic patterning in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Local DNA topography correlates with functional noncoding regions of the human genome.
Will threat of biological invasions unite the European Union.
Disentangling the web of life.
Consistency between satellite-derived and modeled estimates of the direct aerosol effect.
A neural mechanism for microsaccade generation in the primate superior colliculus.
Psychosocial models: Focus on positive features of ageing.
Interviews: The all-important job talk.
Metastasis-suppressor transcript destabilization through TARBP2 binding of mRNA hairpins.
Perspective: We need a global solution.
Rechargeables: Vanadium batteries will be cost-effective.
China: Open access to Earth land-cover map.
Teaching: China is closing its rural education gap.
Crystallography: Sources of inspiration.
Drug delivery: Brain food.
Dietary specializations and diversity in feeding ecology of the earliest stem mammals.
The ribosome is a ribozyme.
Sink or swim: strategies for cost-efficient diving by marine mammals.
Proliferation, but not growth, blocked by conditional deletion of 40S ribosomal protein S6.
Physics of iron at Earth's core conditions.
Requirement of the RNA editing deaminase ADAR1 gene for embryonic erythropoiesis.
Structural evidence for evolution of the / barrel scaffold by gene duplication and fusion.
Infectious history.
Economic incentives for rain forest conservation across scales.
Localization of the G protein  complex in living cells during chemotaxis.
Negative regulation of the SHATTERPROOF genes by FRUITFULL during Arabidopsis fruit development.
Bioacoustics: Only male fin whales sing loud songs.
A Jurassic mammal from South America.
Parasitic Cape honeybee workers, Apis mellifera capensis, evade policing.
Palaeontology:'Modern'feathers on a non-avian dinosaur.
Climate change in the North Pacific region over the past three centuries.
Quantum phase transition in a common metal.
Moving visual stimuli rapidly induce direction sensitivity of developing tectal neurons.
Sudden aseismic fault slip on the south flank of Kilauea volcano.
Estimating the human health risk from possible BSE infection of the British sheep flock.
A general process for in situ formation of functional surface layers on ceramics.
Dual regulation of endothelial junctional permeability.
Habitable, but not much like home.
Nucleus Accumbens D2/3 Receptors Predict Trait Impulsivity and.
Comment on" A Semi-Empirical Approach to Projecting Future.
Effects of climate change on polar bears.
Glyphosate and multiple herbicide resistance in common waterhemp (Amaranthus rudis) populations from Missouri.
The 8 October 2005 Muzaffarabad earthquake: Preliminary seismological investigations and probabilistic estimation of peak ground accelerations.
Phenotyping parents of mapping populations of rice for heat tolerance during anthesis.
New plant introductions with resistance to the soybean aphid.
The fate and transport of phosphorus in turfgrass ecosystems.
Drought tolerance of tall fescue populations selected for high root/shoot ratios and summer survival.
Theoretical expected genetic gains for among-and-within-family selection methods in perennial forage crops.
A century of clover breeding developments in the United States.
New role of bone morphogenetic protein 7 in brown adipogenesis and energy expenditure.
The role of exercise and PGC1 in inflammation and chronic disease.
Induced ncRNAs allosterically modify RNA-binding proteins in cis to inhibit transcription.
A skin microRNA promotes differentiation by repressing 'stemness'.
X-ray structure of a prokaryotic pentameric ligand-gated ion channel.
Biologically inspired oxidation catalysis.
A molecular framework for light and gibberellin control of cell elongation.
Nucleosome organization in the Drosophila genome.
Genome analysis of the platypus reveals unique signatures of evolution.
Egalitarianism in young children.
A low temperature transfer of ALH84001 from Mars to Earth.
Spontaneous ordering of oxide nanostructures.
Selectivity for 3D shape that reveals distinct areas within macaque inferior temporal cortex.
Function of an axonal chemoattractant modulated by metalloprotease activity.
Rapid kimberlite ascent and the significance of Ar-Ar ages in xenolith phlogopites.
L1 retrotransposons shape the mammalian genome.
Isolating the spectroscopic signature of a hydration shell with the use of clusters: Superoxide tetrahydrate.
Similar requirements of a plant symbiont and a mammalian pathogen for prolonged intracellular survival.
Electron-induced inversion of helical chirality in copper complexes of N, N-dialkylmethionines.
A BAC-based physical map of the major autosomes of Drosophila melanogaster.
Pairs of cooperating cleaner fish provide better service quality than singletons.
Big data: Distilling meaning from data.
Science & music: the neural roots of music.
Behind the looking-glass.
Phase-slip-induced dissipation in an atomic BoseHubbard system.
Ultrasonic frogs show hyperacute phonotaxis to female courtship calls.
Observed and modelled stability of overflow across the GreenlandScotland ridge.
Depth of a strong jovian jet from a planetary-scale disturbance driven by storms.
Structure of a tyrosyl-tRNA synthetase splicing factor bound to a group I intron RNA.
A glimmer of light for neuropsychiatric disorders.
Motor skill learning requires active central myelination.
Development-inspired reprogramming of the mammalian central nervous system.
Innate lymphoid cells regulate intestinal epithelial cell glycosylation.
Flavivirus NS1 structures reveal surfaces for associations with membranes and the immune system.
Long-range and local circuits for top-down modulation of visual cortex processing.
A pause sequence enriched at translation start sites drives transcription dynamics in vivo.
Asynchronous therapy restores motor control by rewiring of the rat corticospinal tract after stroke.
Ab initio determination of the crystalline benzene lattice energy to sub-kilojoule/mole accuracy.
Reversing defaunation: Restoring species in a changing world.
Crude oil impairs cardiac excitation-contraction coupling in fish.
Size matters: gold nanoparticles in targeted cancer drug delivery.
The potentiality of vanadium in medicinal applications.
Developing an international network for Alzheimer's research: the Dominantly Inherited Alzheimer Network.
Macrocycles in new drug discovery.
Therapeutic peptides.
The shape of things to come: importance of design in nanotechnology for drug delivery.
Capillary microsampling of 25 ul blood for the determination of toxicokinetic parameters in regulatory studies in animals.
Liposomes and inorganic nanoparticles for drug delivery and cancer imaging.
Pellet digestion: a simple and efficient sample preparation technique for LC-MS/MS quantification of large therapeutic proteins in plasma.
Comparison of triple quadrupole and high-resolution TOF-MS for quantification of peptides.
The auroral footprint of Enceladus on Saturn.
X-ray illumination of the ejecta of supernova 1987A.
Ependymal cells of chordate larvae are stem-like cells that form the adult nervous system.
Target the fence-sitters.
Seismic tremors and magma wagging during explosive volcanism.
Animal models: inside the minds of mice and men.
Saccharomyces cerevisiae THI4p is a suicide thiamine thiazole synthase.
Complex networks: Degrees of control.
ATP-induced helicase slippage reveals highly coordinated subunits.
A carbon isotope challenge to the snowball Earth.
The nature of the 660-kilometer discontinuity in Earth's mantle from global seismic observations of PP precursors.
[C] When dry air is too humid.
Dimethylsulfoniopropionate uptake by marine phytoplankton.
Observations of biologically generated turbulence in a coastal inlet.
Hox control of organ size by regulation of morphogen production and mobility.
Microwave-induced cooling of a superconducting qubit.
South-seeking magnetotactic bacteria in the Northern Hemisphere.
Probing the chiroptical response of a single molecule.
The molecular basis for wine grape quality-A volatile subject.
Translational regulators maintain totipotency in the Caenorhabditis elegans germline.
The neural representation of taste quality at the periphery.
Massive migration from the steppe was a source for Indo-European languages in Europe.
Functional organization of excitatory synaptic strength in primary visual cortex.
Shearing-induced asymmetry in entorhinal grid cells.
Effects of electron correlations on transport properties of iron at Earth/'s core conditions.
Lanosterol reverses protein aggregation in cataracts.
From circuits to behaviour in the amygdala.
Atomic structure of the APC/C and its mechanism of protein ubiquitination.
Integrase-mediated spacer acquisition during CRISPR-Cas adaptive immunity.
DNA rendering of polyhedral meshes at the nanoscale.
Detecting and measuring cotranslational protein degradation in vivo.
CikA, a bacteriophytochrome that resets the cyanobacterial circadian clock.
Tbx5 and the retinotectum projection.
Control of SIV rebound through structured treatment interruptions during early infection.
Antiphase oscillation of the left and right suprachiasmatic nuclei.
Decadal sea surface temperature variability in the subtropical South Pacific from 1726 to 1997 AD.
Xenon as a Complex Ligand: The Tetra Xenono Gold (II) Cation in AuXe42+ (Sb2F11) 2.
Rapid extragranular plasticity in the absence of thalamocortical plasticity in the developing primary visual cortex.
Interhemispheric asymmetries of the modular structure in human temporal cortex.
Hierarchical self-assembly of F-actin and cationic lipid complexes: stacked three-layer tubule networks.
Bacteria are picky about their homes on human skin.
[C] A peer review how-to.
Response to Comment on" Fire-Derived Charcoal Causes Loss of Forest Humus".
[C] Top Ph. D. feeder schools are now Chinese.
Response to Comment on" A Global Map of Human Impact on Marine Ecosystems".
Linear motif atlas for phosphorylation-dependent signaling.
Biochemistry: Unexpected role for vitamin B2.
Switching on elusive organometallic mechanisms with photoredox catalysis.
TB-cell entanglement and ICOSL-driven feed-forward regulation of germinal centre reaction.
Human evolution: Ancient DNA steps into the language debate.
A noisy linear map underlies oscillations in cell size and gene expression in bacteria.
Palaeontology: Dinosaur up in the air.
Distinct lineages of Ebola virus in Guinea during the 2014 West African epidemic.
Bread of life.
A spatial model predicts that dispersal and cell turnover limit intratumour heterogeneity.
Antibiotics: An irresistible newcomer.
Transferable GaN layers grown on ZnO-coated graphene layers for optoelectronic devices.
Sestrin as a feedback inhibitor of TOR that prevents age-related pathologies.
Measurement of the instantaneous velocity of a Brownian particle.
The equation of state of a low-temperature Fermi gas with tunable interactions.
Quantum correlations in optical angleorbital angular momentum variables.
Global analysis of short RNAs reveals widespread promoter-proximal stalling and arrest of Pol II in Drosophila.
Light-controlled self-assembly of semiconductor nanoparticles into twisted ribbons.
Calcium-permeable AMPA receptor dynamics mediate fear memory erasure.
Glass transition dynamics and surface layer mobility in unentangled polystyrene films.
Oscillating gene expression determines competence for periodic Arabidopsis root branching.
Signal transduction: A most interesting factor.
Insect behaviour: Parasitic honeybees get royal treatment.
Fluid dynamics: Turbulence without inertia.
Formation of molecular gas in the tidal debris of violent galaxygalaxy interactions.
Conditioning and opiate withdrawal.
Planetary science: tectonics and water on Europa.
Whatever happened to leptin?.
Local data are vital to worldwide conservation.
Maternal age and traits in offspring.
ReOs isotopic evidence for a lower crustal origin of massif-type anorthosites.
Long-term region-wide declines in Caribbean corals.
Discrete coding of reward probability and uncertainty by dopamine neurons.
A gene-coexpression network for global discovery of conserved genetic modules.
BAX and BAK regulation of endoplasmic reticulum Ca2+: a control point for apoptosis.
DNA-templated self-assembly of protein arrays and highly conductive nanowires.
Assembly of cell regulatory systems through protein interaction domains.
Structure and mechanism of the lactose permease of Escherichia coli.
Nod1 detects a unique muropeptide from gram-negative bacterial peptidoglycan.
Transcription start regions in the human genome are favored targets for MLV integration.
From anchovies to sardines and back: multidecadal change in the Pacific Ocean.
On the difficulty of increasing dental complexity.
Birds have paedomorphic dinosaur skulls.
Origin of Columbia River flood basalt controlled by propagating rupture of the Farallon slab.
Bacterial virulence proteins as tools to rewire kinase pathways in yeast and immune cells.
An unexpectedly low oscillator strength as the origin of the Fe [thinsp] xvii emission problem.
Cancer: Resolving the stem-cell debate.
/Slings/'enable neutrophil rolling at high shear.
Telomeres and adversity: Too toxic to ignore.
Rsx is a metatherian RNA with Xist-like properties in X-chromosome inactivation.
Three-dimensional limb joint mobility in the early tetrapod Ichthyostega.
Ultrafast vibrational dynamics at water interfaces.
Regulation of adult bone mass by the zinc finger adapter protein Schnurri-3.
Radar imaging of binary near-Earth asteroid (66391) 1999 KW4.
Differential Targeting of G-Subunit Signaling with Small Molecules.
Nonrandom processes maintain diversity in tropical forests.
Reactive and nonreactive scattering of H2 from a metal surface is electronically adiabatic.
An equivalence principle for the incorporation of favorable mutations in asexual populations.
Correcting quantum errors with entanglement.
Emergence of drug-resistant influenza virus: population dynamical considerations.
Regenerative adsorption and removal of H2S from hot fuel gas streams by rare earth oxides.
Michelson-Morley analogue for electrons using trapped ions to test Lorentz symmetry.
Neuroscience: Internal compass puts flies in their place.
Curtain eruptions from Enceladus/'south-polar terrain.
Work-life balance: Lab life with kids.
Immunology: Stillbirth prevented by signal blockade.
A circuit mechanism for differentiating positive and negative associations.
Endosymbiotic origin and differential loss of eukaryotic genes.
Observational determination of surface radiative forcing by CO2 from 2000 to 2010.
Earth science: The slippery base of a tectonic plate.
Whole genomes redefine the mutational landscape of pancreatic cancer.
Requirement for the SLP-76 adaptor GADS in T cell development.
Design of bioelectronic interfaces by exploiting hinge-bending motions in proteins.
Near-field coherent spectroscopy and microscopy of a quantum dot system.
Two essential DNA polymerases at the bacterial replication fork.
Influence of carbonic anhydrase activity in terrestrial vegetation on the 18O content of atmospheric CO2.
Observation of magnetic hysteresis at the nanometer scale by spin-polarized scanning tunneling spectroscopy.
Sound velocities in iron to 110 gigapascals.
Evidence for a Solar System-size accretion disk around the massive protostar G192. 16-3.82.
Ferromagnetic imprinting of nuclear spins in semiconductors.
Cell cycle regulation of myosin-V by calcium/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II.
Biotinylated Rh (III) complexes in engineered streptavidin for accelerated asymmetric CH activation.
Real-time imaging of Pt3Fe nanorod growth in solution.
The pulvinar regulates information transmission between cortical areas based on attention demands.
Impacts of biodiversity loss escalate through time as redundancy fades.
Adding aliphatic CH bond oxidations to synthesis.
How does plant cell wall nanoscale architecture correlate with enzymatic digestibility?.
Transforming fusions of FGFR and TACC genes in human glioblastoma.
The evolutionary landscape of alternative splicing in vertebrate species.
Detecting causality in complex ecosystems.
A 920-kilometer optical fiber link for frequency metrology at the 19th decimal place.
Emergence of structural and dynamical properties of ecological mutualistic networks.
Suppression of star formation in the galaxy NGC 253 by a starburst-driven molecular wind.
Gene expression in the deep biosphere.
Sema3A regulates bone-mass accrual through sensory innervations.
Criteria for the use of omics-based predictors in clinical trials.
Multidomain integration in the structure of the HNF-4 [agr] nuclear receptor complex.
Properties of native brain [agr]-synuclein.
The histone H4 lysine 16 acetyltransferase hMOF regulates the outcome of autophagy.
Stabilizing the magnetic moment of single holmium atoms by symmetry.
RNAi screens in mice identify physiological regulators of oncogenic growth.
Specialization and rarity predict nonrandom loss of interactions from mutualist networks.
Glucocorticoids can induce PTSD-like memory impairments in mice.
Mining the biodiversity of plants: a revolution in the making.
Recurrent hemizygous deletions in cancers may optimize proliferative potential.
Unraveling the spin polarization of the = 5/2 fractional quantum Hall state.
Progenitor and terminal subsets of CD8+ T cells cooperate to contain chronic viral infection.
Observation of resonances in Penning ionization reactions at sub-kelvin temperatures in merged beams.
Water-mediated proton hopping on an iron oxide surface.
A histone acetyltransferase regulates active DNA demethylation in Arabidopsis.
Opening and closing of the bacterial RNA polymerase clamp.
Magnetic domain-wall racetrack memory.
Transformation of the nitrogen cycle: recent trends, questions, and potential solutions.
Generation of mouse induced pluripotent stem cells without viral vectors.
Induced pluripotent stem cells generated from patients with ALS can be differentiated into motor neurons.
Global change and the ecology of cities.
Forests and climate change: forcings, feedbacks, and the climate benefits of forests.
Clonal integration of a polyomavirus in human Merkel cell carcinoma.
High-throughput synthesis of zeolitic imidazolate frameworks and application to CO2 capture.
The transcriptional landscape of the yeast genome defined by RNA sequencing.
Induced pluripotent stem cells generated without viral integration.
Alternating-access mechanism in conformationally asymmetric trimers of the betaine transporter BetP.
Forming all-carbon quaternary stereogenic centres in acyclic systems from alkynes.
The molecular basis of phosphate discrimination in arsenate-rich environments.
Complex brain and optic lobes in an early Cambrian arthropod.
Evidence against a chondritic Earth.
SbsB structure and lattice reconstruction unveil Ca2+ triggered S-layer assembly.
A filament of dark matter between two clusters of galaxies.
Abrupt acceleration of a/cold/'ultrarelativistic wind from the Crab pulsar.
Endothelial cell expression of haemoglobin [agr] regulates nitric oxide signalling.
Visualizing transient low-populated structures of RNA.
Income inequality in the developing world.
Sustained miniaturization and anatomical innovation in the dinosaurian ancestors of birds.
HIV-1induced AIDS in monkeys.
Leaf shape evolution through duplication, regulatory diversification, and loss of a homeobox gene.
Ebola drugs still stuck in lab.
Shapes and vorticities of superfluid helium nanodroplets.
Cholesterol and Cancer, in the Balance.
Water loss from the Great Lakes.
Evolution of early Homo: An integrated biological perspective.
When Ebola protection fails.
Animal husbandry: Assessing the welfare state.
Are you ready for the revolution?.
Functional genomics: silent genes given voice.
Earth science: In the beginning....
Electronics in a spin.
Fifty years of inactivation.
Earliest evidence for efficient oral processing in a terrestrial herbivore.
Commercial sector scores success with whole rice genome.
Demography: uncertain population forecasts.
Solid-state optics: A laser that turns down the heat.
Glacier surge after ice shelf collapse.
Neuronal correlates of goal-based motor selection in the prefrontal cortex.
Crystal structure of naphthalene dioxygenase: side-on binding of dioxygen to iron.
Keeping G proteins at bay: A complex between G protein-coupled receptor kinase 2 and G.
Generating diverse skeletons of small molecules combinatorially.
Hexapod origins: monophyletic or paraphyletic?.
Samples of stars beyond the solar system: silicate grains in interplanetary dust.
Phosphatidylserine receptor is required for clearance of apoptotic cells.
Tempo and mode of evolutionary radiation in iguanian lizards.
Stratospheric memory and skill of extended-range weather forecasts.
Inhibition of adipogenesis by Wnt signaling.
Warming of the world ocean.
Driving AMPA receptors into synapses by LTP and CaMKII: requirement for GluR1 and PDZ domain interaction.
Aggregation-based crystal growth and microstructure development in natural iron oxyhydroxide biomineralization products.
Oxidative damage linked to neurodegeneration by selective -synuclein nitration in synucleinopathy lesions.
Regulation of absorption and ABC1-mediated efflux of cholesterol by RXR heterodimers.
Mutations in SDHD, a mitochondrial complex II gene, in hereditary paraganglioma.
Low-friction nanoscale linear bearing realized from multiwall carbon nanotubes.
From micro-to nanofabrication with soft materials.
Regulation of endoplasmic reticulum turnover by selective autophagy.
Observation of antiferromagnetic correlations in the Hubbard model with ultracold atoms.
Laboratory confirmation of C60+ as the carrier of two diffuse interstellar bands.
Experimentally induced innovations lead to persistent culture via conformity in wild birds.
Unusual biology across a group comprising more than 15% of domain Bacteria.
SLC38A9 is a component of the lysosomal amino acid sensing machinery that controls mTORC1.
Crystal structure of rhodopsin bound to arrestin by femtosecond X-ray laser.
The African Genome Variation Project shapes medical genetics in Africa.
Productivity limits and potentials of the principles of conservation agriculture.
Mechanism of phospho-ubiquitin-induced PARKIN activation.
The unusual gamma-ray burst GRB 101225A explained as a minor body falling onto a neutron star.
Novel pathway for assimilation of dimethylsulphoniopropionate widespread in marine bacteria.
Materials science: Graphene moire mystery solved?.
Chromosome length influences replication-induced topological stress.
Correlation between deep fluids, tremor and creep along the central San Andreas fault.
Arabian Sea tropical cyclones intensified by emissions of black carbon and other aerosols.
The crystal structure of GXGD membrane protease FlaK.
Initial radiation of jaws demonstrated stability despite faunal and environmental change.
Amyloid: little proteins, big clues.
Modern optics in exceptionally preserved eyes of Early Cambrian arthropods from Australia.
The immunological synapse balances T cell receptor signaling and degradation.
Sex-dependent gene expression and evolution of the Drosophila transcriptome.
The perfect ocean for drought.
Spread of HTLV-I between lymphocytes by virus-induced polarization of the cytoskeleton.
Communication in neuronal networks.
Postnatal neurodevelopmental disorders: meeting at the synapse?.
Diminished pupillary light reflex at high irradiances in melanopsin-knockout mice.
LysM domain receptor kinases regulating rhizobial Nod factor-induced infection.
The biogeochemical cycles of trace metals in the oceans.
Social bonds of female baboons enhance infant survival.
Rapid and extensive surface changes near Titan's equator: Evidence of April showers.
Teleportation of nonclassical wave packets of light.
Antimicrobial peptides keep insect endosymbionts under control.
Supramolecular linear heterojunction composed of graphite-like semiconducting nanotubular segments.
De-AMPylation of the small GTPase Rab1 by the pathogen Legionella pneumophila.
Three-dimensional structure of Hayabusa samples: origin and evolution of Itokawa regolith.
Geometry and mechanics in the opening of chiral seed pods.
Dispersible exfoliated zeolite nanosheets and their application as a selective membrane.
Mekong hydropower development.
Posttranslational modification of pili upon cell contact triggers N. meningitidis dissemination.
Molecular mechanism of anaerobic ammonium oxidation.
Vernier templating and synthesis of a 12-porphyrin nano-ring.
Linking mantle plumes, large igneous provinces and environmental catastrophes.
Cryptochromes mediate rhythmic repression of the glucocorticoid receptor.
Structural basis for a [lsqb] 4Fe-3S [rsqb] cluster in the oxygen-tolerant membrane-bound [lsqb] NiFe [rsqb]-hydrogenase.
DHODH modulates transcriptional elongation in the neural crest and melanoma.
Fancd2 counteracts the toxic effects of naturally produced aldehydes in mice.
Energetics and the evolution of human brain size.
The case against climate regulation via oceanic phytoplankton sulphur emissions.
A system for the continuous directed evolution of biomolecules.
Impact of nitrogen deposition on the species richness of grasslands.
How enzymes work: analysis by modern rate theory and computer simulations.
Optical sectioning deep inside live embryos by selective plane illumination microscopy.
Selective growth of metal tips onto semiconductor quantum rods and tetrapods.
Identification of polymers as major components of atmospheric organic aerosols.
Ferroelectricity in ultrathin perovskite films.
The fine-scale structure of recombination rate variation in the human genome.
Deconfined quantum critical points.
Regulation of fasted blood glucose by resistin.
Autophagy defends cells against invading group A Streptococcus.
Blowing hot and cold.
Global azimuthal anisotropy in the transition zone.
Generation of self-incompatible Arabidopsis thaliana by transfer of two S locus genes from A. lyrata.
Germ cell survival through carbohydrate-mediated interaction with Sertoli cells.
Evolution and development of sex differences in cooperative behavior in meerkats.
Resetting the circadian clock by social experience in Drosophila melanogaster.
Intracellular iron minerals in a dissimilatory iron-reducing bacterium.
The mantle flow field beneath western North America.
Quantum impurities in the two-dimensional spin one-half Heisenberg antiferromagnet.
Another phocine distemper outbreak in Europe.
TRB3: a tribbles homolog that inhibits Akt/PKB activation by insulin in liver.
Disruption of the epithelial apical-junctional complex by Helicobacter pylori CagA.
Bose-Einstein condensation of cesium.
Catalytic reduction of dinitrogen to ammonia at a single molybdenum center.
Redistribution of intracellular oxygen in hypoxia by nitric oxide: effect on HIF1.
Transcriptional repression of atherogenic inflammation: modulation by PPAR.
Nanowire crossbar arrays as address decoders for integrated nanosystems.
Long-term ecosystem response to the Exxon Valdez oil spill.
Orientation of asymmetric stem cell division by the APC tumor suppressor and centrosome.
Phylogenetic shadowing of primate sequences to find functional regions of the human genome.
Resource management cycles and the sustainability of harvested wildlife populations.
Human-restricted bacterial pathogens block shedding of epithelial cells by stimulating integrin activation.
Eliminating turbulence in spatially intermittent flows.
The near-tip fields of fast cracks.
Crossover from single-step tunneling to multistep hopping for molecular triplet energy transfer.
Paramutation's properties and puzzles.
Chloroplasts divide by contraction of a bundle of nanofilaments consisting of polyglucan.
Muscle dysfunction caused by a KATP channel mutation in neonatal diabetes is neuronal in origin.
Cytoplasmic partitioning of P granule components is not required to specify the germline in C. elegans.
China, India, and the environment.
Size does not matter for mitochondrial DNA.
Comment on" Ancient DNA from the First European Farmers in 7500-Year-Old Neolithic Sites".
Comment on papers by Chong et al., Nishio et al., and Suri et al. on diabetes reversal in NOD mice.
Response to comments on" Zircon thermometer reveals minimum melting conditions on earliest Earth".
The first stars in the universe and cosmic reionization.
Comment on ''Reconstructing the origin of Andaman islanders''.
Comment on" Opposing Effects of Native and Exotic Herbivores on Plant Invasions".
[C] Graphene nanoelectronics.
Natural selection on a major armor gene in threespine stickleback.
Monte Verde: seaweed, food, medicine, and the peopling of South America.
Hepatic glucose sensing via the CREB coactivator CRTC2.
Membrane proteins of the endoplasmic reticulum induce high-curvature tubules.
Differential rescue of light-and food-entrainable circadian rhythms.
Synaptic protein degradation underlies destabilization of retrieved fear memory.
Smoke invigoration versus inhibition of clouds over the Amazon.
Chloride-bearing materials in the southern highlands of Mars.
[C] Plasmonics applied.
GLI activation by atypical protein kinase C [igr]/[lgr] regulates the growth of basal cell carcinomas.
Discrete genetic modules are responsible for complex burrow evolution in Peromyscus mice.
A latent capacity for evolutionary innovation through exaptation in metabolic systems.
Biodiversity decreases disease through predictable changes in host community competence.
Online education: MOOCs taken by educated few.
Mechanism of MEK inhibition determines efficacy in mutant KRAS-versus BRAF-driven cancers.
In vivo cardiac reprogramming contributes to zebrafish heart regeneration.
Crystal structure of a eukaryotic phosphate transporter.
SHANK3 and IGF1 restore synaptic deficits in neurons from 22q13 deletion syndrome patients.
Tidal wetland stability in the face of human impacts and sea-level rise.
Recruitment of an area involved in eye movements during mental arithmetic.
Detection of 16 gamma-ray pulsars through blind frequency searches using the Fermi LAT.
A population of gamma-ray millisecond pulsars seen with the Fermi Large Area Telescope.
The Fanconi anemia pathway promotes replication-dependent DNA interstrand cross-link repair.
When your gain is my pain and your pain is my gain: neural correlates of envy and schadenfreude.
Synaptic integration in tuft dendrites of layer 5 pyramidal neurons: a new unifying principle.
A coherent single-hole spin in a semiconductor.
Is genetic evolution predictable?.
Polarization control of electron tunneling into ferroelectric surfaces.
Amplifying the Pacific climate system response to a small 11-year solar cycle forcing.
Weakened stratospheric quasibiennial oscillation driven by increased tropical mean upwelling.
Northern Hemisphere forcing of Southern Hemisphere climate during the last deglaciation.
Structural basis for ligase-specific conjugation of linear ubiquitin chains by HOIP.
Myomaker is a membrane activator of myoblast fusion and muscle formation.
Structure-guided discovery of the metabolite carboxy-SAM that modulates tRNA function.
Structural basis of kynurenine 3-monooxygenase inhibition.
Alkane desaturation by concerted double hydrogen atom transfer to benzyne.
A syringe-like injection mechanism in Photorhabdus luminescens toxins.
Dicalcium nitride as a two-dimensional electride with an anionic electron layer.
A new arboreal haramiyid shows the diversity of crown mammals in the Jurassic period.
ADP-ribose gating of the calcium-permeable LTRPC2 channel revealed by Nudix motif homology.
ICOS is critical for CD40-mediated antibody class switching.
Crackling noise.
An endogenous cannabinoid (2-AG) is neuroprotective after brain injury.
Negative regulation of T-cell activation and autoimmunity by Mgat5 N-glycosylation.
A physical map of the human genome.
Water capture by a desert beetle.
Prokaryotic origin of the actin cytoskeleton.
The habitat and nature of early life.
ICOS is essential for effective T-helper-cell responses.
Pluripotency of spermatogonial stem cells from adult mouse testis.
Lysyl oxidase is essential for hypoxia-induced metastasis.
A protein interaction network for pluripotency of embryonic stem cells.
Weak pairwise correlations imply strongly correlated network states in a neural population.
Bile acids induce energy expenditure by promoting intracellular thyroid hormone activation.
Dissecting self-renewal in stem cells with RNA interference.
GABA regulates synaptic integration of newly generated neurons in the adult brain.
The receptors and cells for mammalian taste.
Neurons in the orbitofrontal cortex encode economic value.
Synaptic scaling mediated by glial TNF-.
Men beware, when smoke gets in your Y's.
When the circadian clock becomes blind.
The nonmagnetic nucleus of comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko.
Erosion by an Alpine glacier.
Transforming the optical landscape.
Voxelated liquid crystal elastomers.
Oh the humanities!.
Cope's rule in the evolution of marine animals.
How farm life prevents asthma.
An Ebola whole-virus vaccine is protective in nonhuman primates.
Sound velocities of hot dense iron: Birch's law revisited.
Brain under surveillance: the microglia patrol.
A microbial arsenic cycle in a salt-saturated, extreme environment.
As Gelsinger case ends, gene therapy suffers another blow.
Jumping nanodroplets.
A synaptonemal complex protein promotes homology-independent centromere coupling.
Where do the dopants go?.
Electron tunneling through organic molecules in frozen glasses.
Regulation of X-chromosome counting by Tsix and Xite sequences.
Postsecretory hydrolysis of nectar sucrose and specialization in ant/plant mutualism.
Quantum mechanics: to be or not to be local.
A SNAREadaptor interaction is a new mode of cargo recognition in clathrin-coated vesicles.
Geomagnetic field strength 3.2 billion years ago recorded by single silicate crystals.
Evolutionary biology: animal personalities.
A distinct bosonic mode in an electron-doped high-transition-temperature superconductor.
An arid-adapted middle Pleistocene vertebrate fauna from south-central Australia.
Physical chemistry: Oil on troubled waters.
Light adaptation in cone vision involves switching between receptor and post-receptor sites.
A new perceptual illusion reveals mechanisms of sensory decoding.
Benchmarks for ageing studies.
Protein kinase C switches the Raf kinase inhibitor from Raf-1 to GRK-2.
Self-assembly in aqueous solution of wheel-shaped Mo154 oxide clusters into vesicles.
Governance and the loss of biodiversity.
Comparative genomics: Insecticide resistance in mosquito vectors.
Activation of the TRPC1 cation channel by metabotropic glutamate receptor mGluR1.
Global anisotropy and the thickness of continents.
Lipid packing sensed by ArfGAP1 couples COPI coat disassembly to membrane bilayer curvature.
Modelling vaccination strategies against foot-and-mouth disease.
On-chip manipulation of free droplets.
Stable isotopic evidence for methane seeps in Neoproterozoic postglacial cap carbonates.
Human occludin is a hepatitis C virus entry factor required for infection of mouse cells.
Satellite-based estimates of groundwater depletion in India.
A human natural killer cell subset provides an innate source of IL-22 for mucosal immunity.
Population genomics of domestic and wild yeasts.
Direct cell reprogramming is a stochastic process amenable to acceleration.
Modelling pathogenesis and treatment of familial dysautonomia using patient-specific iPSCs.
An oestrogen-receptor-&agr;-bound human chromatin interactome.
Immortalization eliminates a roadblock during cellular reprogramming into iPS cells.
mTOR regulates memory CD8 T-cell differentiation.
A phylogeny-driven genomic encyclopaedia of Bacteria and Archaea.
Experimental observation of nonlinear traveling waves in turbulent pipe flow.
Silicon device scaling to the sub-10-nm regime.
Intracellular parasite invasion strategies.
Flexibility in algal endosymbioses shapes growth in reef corals.
Hsp104 catalyzes formation and elimination of self-replicating Sup35 prion conformers.
Wind as a long-distance dispersal vehicle in the Southern Hemisphere.
Intercontinental spread of pyrimethamine-resistant malaria.
Effects of mosquito genes on Plasmodium development.
Decamethyldizincocene, a stable compound of Zn (I) with a Zn-Zn bond.
Gene targeting in stem cells from individuals with osteogenesis imperfecta.
The ant odometer: stepping on stilts and stumps.
Deformation and slip along the Sunda megathrust in the great 2005 Nias-Simeulue earthquake.
Thrice out of Africa: ancient and recent expansions of the honey bee, Apis mellifera.
E-catenin controls cerebral cortical size by regulating the hedgehog signaling pathway.
Presymptomatic detection of prions in blood.
[C] The organic approach to asymmetric catalysis.
Graded regulation of the Kv2. 1 potassium channel by variable phosphorylation.
Ebola outbreak killed 5000 gorillas.
A mitotic lamin B matrix induced by RanGTP required for spindle assembly.
Enhanced mid-latitude tropospheric warming in satellite measurements.
Terrestrial ecosystem carbon dynamics and climate feedbacks.
Identification of RPS14 as a 5q-syndrome gene by RNA interference screen.
The genome of the model beetle and pest Tribolium castaneum.
Entangled states of trapped atomic ions.
Genomics of cellulosic biofuels.
Cohesin mediates transcriptional insulation by CCCTC-binding factor.
Clumps and streams in the local dark matter distribution.
Identification of ALK as a major familial neuroblastoma predisposition gene.
A fast, robust and tunable synthetic gene oscillator.
Functional metagenomic profiling of nine biomes.
Responding to possible plagiarism.
Pressurized viruses.
Ligand-gated chloride channels are receptors for biogenic amines in C. elegans.
Effects of antibiotics and a proto-oncogene homolog on destruction of protein translocator SecY.
An ABC transporter controls export of a Drosophila germ cell attractant.
Dust formation in a galaxy with primitive abundances.
Photovoltaics power up.
Teachers' participation in research programs improves their students' achievement in science.
Survival from hypoxia in C. elegans by inactivation of aminoacyl-tRNA synthetases.
Cattle movements and bovine tuberculosis in Great Britain.
Evolution driven by differential dispersal within a wild bird population.
The AID antibody diversification enzyme is regulated by protein kinase A phosphorylation.
Structural basis of West Nile virus neutralization by a therapeutic antibody.
Global azimuthal seismic anisotropy and the unique plate-motion deformation of Australia.
Geomagnetic dipole strength and reversal rate over the past two million years.
Epistasis and balanced polymorphism influencing complex trait variation.
Climatic controls on central African hydrology during the past 20,000 years.
Astronomical pacing of methane release in the Early Jurassic period.
Biochemistry: a pore way to die.
Carotenoid modulation of immune function and sexual attractiveness in zebra finches.
LRP: role in vascular wall integrity and protection from atherosclerosis.
Structural basis of a phototropin light switch.
Reversing the inactivation of peroxiredoxins caused by cysteine sulfinic acid formation.
Synaptic plasticity in spinal lamina I projection neurons that mediate hyperalgesia.
Programmed adsorption and release of proteins in a microfluidic device.
Generation of megawatt optical solitons in hollow-core photonic band-gap fibers.
Genome of Geobacter sulfurreducens: metal reduction in subsurface environments.
Helicobacter pylori vacuolating cytotoxin inhibits T lymphocyte activation.
Role of anthocyanidin reductase, encoded by BANYULS in plant flavonoid biosynthesis.
Nuclear physics: Unexpected doubly magic nucleus.
Immunology: a metabolic switch to memory.
Molecular biology: The long and short of RNAs.
Global change: carbon in idle croplands.
Asymmetric auroral intensities in the Earth's Northern and Southern hemispheres.
Type IIn supernovae at redshift z &ap; 2 from archival data.
Structural basis for translational fidelity ensured by transfer RNA lysidine synthetase.
Too small to overlook.
dUTP incorporation into genomic DNA is linked to transcription in yeast.
Genomics: Hepatitis C virus gets personal.
Electronic publication and the narrowing of science and scholarship.
Massive horizontal gene transfer in bdelloid rotifers.
Activation of the cellular DNA damage response in the absence of DNA lesions.
High-resolution mapping of crossovers reveals extensive variation in fine-scale recombination patterns among humans.
Protostar formation in the early universe.
Ankyrin repeat proteins comprise a diverse family of bacterial type IV effectors.
Seeding and propagation of untransformed mouse mammary cells in the lung.
A mouse model of mitochondrial disease reveals germline selection against severe mtDNA mutations.
Eco1-dependent cohesin acetylation during establishment of sister chromatid cohesion.
The spread of Ras activity triggered by activation of a single dendritic spine.
The proteasome antechamber maintains substrates in an unfolded state.
Reconciling surface plate motions with rapid three-dimensional mantle flow around a slab edge.
Earth encounters as the origin of fresh surfaces on near-Earth asteroids.
Selectivity mechanism of the nuclear pore complex characterized by single cargo tracking.
Integrating carbon-halogen bond formation into medicinal plant metabolism.
Hominins on Flores, Indonesia, by one million years ago.
Single-molecule imaging reveals mechanisms of protein disruption by a DNA translocase.
An abrupt drop in Northern Hemisphere sea surface temperature around 1970.
Structural basis of Na+-independent and cooperative substrate/product antiport in CaiT.
Identification of a quality-control mechanism for mRNA 5 [prime]-end capping.
Cavitation-induced reactions in high-pressure carbon dioxide.
Structure, mechanism, and regulation of the Neurospora plasma membrane H+-ATPase.
Subduction and recycling of nitrogen along the Central American margin.
Parallel single-cell monitoring of receptor-triggered membrane translocation of a calcium-sensing protein module.
A structural probe of the doped holes in cuprate superconductors.
Thermochemistry and aqueous solubilities of hydrotalcite-like solids.
The early years of HIV/AIDS.
Microbial dehalorespiration with 1, 1, 1-trichloroethane.
Existence of an 16O-rich gaseous reservoir in the solar nebula.
Vertebrate genomes compared.
Oxygen isotope constraints on the sulfur cycle over the past 10 million years.
Inhibition of netrin-mediated axon attraction by a receptor protein tyrosine phosphatase.
Removal of meteoric iron on polar mesospheric clouds.
Extinct technetium in silicon carbide stardust grains: implications for stellar nucleosynthesis.
Rapid Late Pleistocene incision of Atlantic passive-margin river gorges.
Gas hydrate resource: smaller but sooner.
Lactic acid--the latest performance-enhancing drug.
Developing an AIDS vaccine: need, uncertainty, hope.
The early evolution of the tetrapod humerus.
A SNP map of the rat genome generated from cDNA sequences.
Non-genetic origins of cell-to-cell variability in TRAIL-induced apoptosis.
Live-animal tracking of individual haematopoietic stem/progenitor cells in their niche.
Increasing carbon storage in intact African tropical forests.
X-ray structure of a pentameric ligand-gated ion channel in an apparently open conformation.
Bidirectional promoters generate pervasive transcription in yeast.
A three-dimensional view of the molecular machinery of RNA interference.
Reconstructing Indian population history.
A parallel circuit of LIF signalling pathways maintains pluripotency of mouse ES cells.
Inactivation of the Fto gene protects from obesity.
Regulatory T-cell suppressor program co-opts transcription factor IRF4 to control TH2 responses.
Quantitative flux analysis reveals folate-dependent NADPH production.
[C] Time to leave GDP behind.
Probing excitonic dark states in single-layer tungsten disulphide.
Interneuron cell types are fit to function.
Optical detection of radio waves through a nanomechanical transducer.
Structure of class C GPCR metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 transmembrane domain.
XBP1 promotes triple-negative breast cancer by controlling the HIF1 [agr] pathway.
Targeted genome editing in human repopulating haematopoietic stem cells.
Host-directed therapy of tuberculosis based on interleukin-1 and type I interferon crosstalk.
Checkpoint blockade cancer immunotherapy targets tumour-specific mutant antigens.
Quantum teleportation over 143 kilometres using active feed-forward.
Deconstruction of a neural circuit for hunger.
Thresholdless nanoscale coaxial lasers.
One or more bound planets per Milky Way star from microlensing observations.
An index to assess the health and benefits of the global ocean.
Graphene and boron nitride lateral heterostructures for atomically thin circuitry.
Social networks and cooperation in hunter-gatherers.
Combined pesticide exposure severely affects individual-and colony-level traits in bees.
Collective bulk carrier delocalization driven by electrostatic surface charge accumulation.
Piezo proteins are pore-forming subunits of mechanically activated channels.
Active nonmetallic Au and Pt species on ceria-based water-gas shift catalysts.
Thin-film transistor fabricated in single-crystalline transparent oxide semiconductor.
Separation of metallic from semiconducting single-walled carbon nanotubes.
Dissipationless quantum spin current at room temperature.
Myosin V walks hand-over-hand: single fluorophore imaging with 1.5-nm localization.
The impact of nanoscience on heterogeneous catalysis.
Mitochondrial dysfunction in the elderly: possible role in insulin resistance.
Measurement of single-molecule resistance by repeated formation of molecular junctions.
Breast and ovarian cancer risks due to inherited mutations in BRCA1 and BRCA2.
Inflammatory blockade restores adult hippocampal neurogenesis.
Reconstitution of Rab-and SNARE-dependent membrane fusion by synthetic endosomes.
Memory CD8 T-cell compartment grows in size with immunological experience.
Photosystem I gene cassettes are present in marine virus genomes.
The braincase and jaws of a Devonian 'acanthodian'and modern gnathostome origins.
Manipulation of photons at the surface of three-dimensional photonic crystals.
Chromosome crosstalk in three dimensions.
A regulated auxin minimum is required for seed dispersal in Arabidopsis.
2,000-year-long temperature and hydrology reconstructions from the Indo-Pacific warm pool.
Energy flux determines magnetic field strength of planets and stars.
Holocene oscillations in temperature and salinity of the surface subpolar North Atlantic.
Quantum physics: Atomic doughnuts from single photons.
Lineage correlations of single cell division time as a probe of cell-cycle dynamics.
[C] Water: Megacities running dry in Brazil.
Two disparate ligand-binding sites in the human P2Y1 receptor.
Q&A: Science regeneration.
Environmental technology: Green light.
Vatican hosts climate meeting.
3.3-million-year-old stone tools from Lomekwi 3, West Turkana, Kenya.
Climate change: Black carbon and atmospheric feedbacks.
Extended hard-X-ray emission in the inner few parsecs of the Galaxy.
Materials science: carbon sheet solutions.
Testing the genetics underlying the co-evolution of mate choice and ornament in the wild.
Dimensional reduction at a quantum critical point.
A ubiquitous thermoacidophilic archaeon from deep-sea hydrothermal vents.
How Neanderthal molar teeth grew.
Direct observation of individual RecA filaments assembling on single DNA molecules.
Oncogenic activity of Cdc6 through repression of the INK4/ARF locus.
Does gender matter?.
The magnetic nature of disk accretion onto black holes.
Neptune's capture of its moon Triton in a binaryplanet gravitational encounter.
A hybrid inexact optimization model for land-use allocation of China.
A device for dried blood microsampling in quantitative bioanalysis: overcoming the issues associated blood hematocrit.
Potential of mass spectrometry metabolomics for chemical food safety.
Experimental demonstration of photonic quantum ratchet.
Anthropic considerations in nuclear physics.
Fiber-enhanced Raman multi-gas spectroscopy: what is the potential of its application to breath analysis?.
Deficiency of cystathionine gamma-lyase and hepatic cholesterol accumulation during mouse fatty liver development.
Quantum integrated circuit: classical characterization.
Recommendations for adaptation and validation of commercial kits for biomarker quantification in drug development.
Experimental digital quantum simulation of temporalspatial dynamics of interacting fermion system.
Why the seahorse tail is square.
Regulation of breathing by CO2 requires the proton-activated receptor GPR4 in retrotrapezoid nucleus neurons.
Are we heading in the right direction?.
An unexpected cost of sex.
Using all energy in a battery.
Robust self-cleaning surfaces that function when exposed to either air or oil.
Solving reproducibility.
Eat your heart out, old galaxies.
Ocean acidification and the Permo-Triassic mass extinction.
Kinetochore attachment sensed by competitive Mps1 and microtubule binding to Ndc80C.
Dynamical spreading of asteroid families by the Yarkovsky effect.
Organic composition of C/1999 S4 (LINEAR): A comet formed near Jupiter?.
Anaerobes to the rescue.
Dis-crediting ocean fertilization.
and Climate Change.
Rising CO2 levels and the fecundity of forest trees.
The CIDA-QUEST large-scale survey of Orion OB1: Evidence for rapid disk dissipation in a dispersed stellar population.
Bioinformatics--trying to swim in a sea of data.
Parent-offspring coadaptation and the dual genetic control of maternal care.
Recent reductions in China's greenhouse gas emissions.
An emerging disease causes regional population collapse of a common North American bat species.
Tuberculosis: what we don't know can, and does, hurt us.
D-amino acids trigger biofilm disassembly.
Cross-reacting antibodies enhance dengue virus infection in humans.
mTORC1-mediated cell proliferation, but not cell growth, controlled by the 4E-BPs.
Coordinated punishment of defectors sustains cooperation and can proliferate when rare.
How learning to read changes the cortical networks for vision and language.
Biodiversity conservation: challenges beyond 2010.
Lgr6 marks stem cells in the hair follicle that generate all cell lineages of the skin.
The Wnt/-catenin pathway is required for the development of leukemia stem cells in AML.
Generation of nuclear transfer-derived pluripotent ES cells from cloned Cdx2-deficient blastocysts.
Distinct memory traces for two visual features in the Drosophila brain.
Genetic mechanisms and evolutionary significance of natural variation in Arabidopsis.
Late survival of Neanderthals at the southernmost extreme of Europe.
Role of genomic instability and p53 in AID-induced c-mycIgh translocations.
Quantum interference between two single photons emitted by independently trapped atoms.
Nuclear pore association confers optimal expression levels for an inducible yeast gene.
Episodic outgassing as the origin of atmospheric methane on Titan.
Glutamate receptors at atomic resolution.
Control and detection of chemical reactions in microfluidic systems..
A long-lived lunar core dynamo.
BDNF is a negative modulator of morphine action.
Survival analysis of faculty retention in science and engineering by gender.
Vasopressin/oxytocin-related signaling regulates gustatory associative learning in C. elegans.
Trade-offs of chemotactic foraging in turbulent water.
Meiosis-specific noncoding RNA mediates robust pairing of homologous chromosomes in meiosis.
Bergmann glial AMPA receptors are required for fine motor coordination.
The dynamics of cooperative bacterial virulence in the field.
Sedlin controls the ER export of procollagen by regulating the Sar1 cycle.
Agencies rally to tackle big data.
Solar nebula heterogeneity in p-process samarium and neodymium isotopes.
Explaining the color distributions of globular cluster systems in elliptical galaxies.
Elevated Eocene atmospheric CO2 and its subsequent decline.
Ancient noncoding elements conserved in the human genome.
-Hydroxy and -amino acids under possible Hadean, volcanic origin-of-life conditions.
Hexagonal mesoporous germanium.
Electronic control of friction in silicon pn junctions.
Two-way laser link over interplanetary distance.
Individual cell migration serves as the driving force for optic vesicle evagination.
Phagocytosis promotes programmed cell death in C. elegans.
Mobile silver ions and glass formation in solid electrolytes.
'Inverse'melting of a vortex lattice.
Experimental entanglement distillation and 'hidden'non-locality.
S-nitrosothiols signal the ventilatory response to hypoxia.
Genetic evidence against panmixia in the European eel.
Morphological and ecological complexity in early eukaryotic ecosystems.
Biogeochemistry: phosphorus solubilization in rewetted soils.
Evidence from the Pacific troposphere for large global sources of oxygenated organic compounds.
Biotechnology: Transgenic crops in natural habitats.
Elasticity of (Mg, Fe) O through the spin transition of iron in the lower mantle.
Regulation of CD45 alternative splicing by heterogeneous ribonucleoprotein, hnRNPLL.
The structure of an open form of an E. coli mechanosensitive channel at 3.45  resolution.
Tracing the origin and fate of NOx in the Arctic atmosphere using stable isotopes in nitrate.
Arsenic (III) fuels anoxygenic photosynthesis in hot spring biofilms from Mono Lake, California.
The circadian clock in Arabidopsis roots is a simplified slave version of the clock in shoots.
Apobec3 encodes Rfv3, a gene influencing neutralizing antibody control of retrovirus infection.
Ongoing in vivo experience triggers synaptic metaplasticity in the neocortex.
Spontaneous changes of neocortical code for associative memory during consolidation.
Reconstructing Farallon plate subduction beneath North America back to the Late Cretaceous.
Akt and PP2A reciprocally regulate the guanine nucleotide exchange factor Dock6 to control axon growth of sensory neurons.
Nutrient signaling in protein homeostasis: an increase in quantity at the expense of quality.
The tyrosine kinase Syk differentially regulates Toll-like receptor signaling downstream of the adaptor molecules TRAF6 and TRAF3.
Kinase-substrate enrichment analysis provides insights into the heterogeneity of signaling pathway activation in leukemia cells.
Maternal Hyperglycemia Activates an ASK1FoxO3aCaspase 8 Pathway That Leads to Embryonic Neural Tube Defects.
Inflammatory cytokines at the summits of pathological signal cascades in brain diseases.
Estrogen reduces lipid content in the liver exclusively from membrane receptor signaling.
A Wnt-er migration: The confusing role of -catenin in melanoma metastasis.
Systems biology approach identifies the kinase Csnk1a1 as a regulator of the DNA damage response in embryonic stem cells.
Nonredundant functions for Ras GTPase-activating proteins in tissue homeostasis.
Biodiversity and biogeography of phages in modern stromatolites and thrombolites.
Suppression of Myc oncogenic activity by ribosomal protein haploinsufficiency.
Partial rupture of a locked patch of the Sumatra megathrust during the 2007 earthquake sequence.
Cryptochrome mediates light-dependent magnetosensitivity in Drosophila.
Modest stabilization by most hydrogen-bonded side-chain interactions in membrane proteins.
Crystal structure of a stable dimer reveals the molecular basis of serpin polymerization.
Neurite arborization and mosaic spacing in the mouse retina require DSCAM.
Structural basis for gibberellin recognition by its receptor GID1.
Calcium-bound structure of calpain and its mechanism of inhibition by calpastatin.
Observation of strong coupling between one atom and a monolithic microresonator.
Stem cell engraftment at the endosteal niche is specified by the calcium-sensing receptor.
S-nitrosylated protein-disulphide isomerase links protein misfolding to neurodegeneration.
The primate amygdala represents the positive and negative value of visual stimuli during learning.
Sub-kelvin optical cooling of a micromechanical resonator.
The putative oncogene GASC1 demethylates tri-and dimethylated lysine 9 on histone H3.
KATP channels as molecular sensors of cellular metabolism.
Regulation of cancer cell migration and bone metastasis by RANKL.
Distribution and three-dimensional structure of AIDS virus envelope spikes.
Haemagglutinin mutations responsible for the binding of H5N1 influenza A viruses to human-type receptors.
Two-color single-photon photoinitiation and photoinhibition for subdiffraction photolithography.
Structure of the anaphase-promoting complex/cyclosome interacting with a mitotic checkpoint complex.
The sea-level fingerprint of West Antarctic collapse.
Structures of the ribosome in intermediate states of ratcheting.
Harnessing carbon payments to protect biodiversity.
Metagenome of a versatile chemolithoautotroph from expanding oceanic dead zones.
Chloroquine transport via the malaria parasite's chloroquine resistance transporter.
Coordinatively unsaturated Al3+ centers as binding sites for active catalyst phases of platinum on -Al2O3.
Divergent evolution of duplicate genes leads to genetic incompatibilities within A. thaliana.
Endogenous nitric oxide protects bacteria against a wide spectrum of antibiotics.
Optical projection tomography as a tool for 3D microscopy and gene expression studies.
Analytic and algorithmic solution of random satisfiability problems.
Polymer nanotubes by wetting of ordered porous templates.
Role of prostacyclin in the cardiovascular response to thromboxane A2.
Arabidopsis, the Rosetta stone of flowering time?.
Multicolor and electron microscopic imaging of connexin trafficking.
Requirement for caspase-2 in stress-induced apoptosis before mitochondrial permeabilization.
Establishment and maintenance of a heterochromatin domain.
Gene expression during the life cycle of Drosophila melanogaster.
Medulloblastoma growth inhibition by hedgehog pathway blockade.
Genome sequence of the endocellular bacterial symbiont of aphids Buchnera sp. APS.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation and the human brain.
Molecular mechanisms that confer antibacterial drug resistance.
Telomere states and cell fates.
B and C floral organ identity functions require SEPALLATA MADS-box genes.
A pigment-binding protein essential for regulation of photosynthetic light harvesting.
An LDL-receptor-related protein mediates Wnt signalling in mice.
T-cell-mediated regulation of osteoclastogenesis by signalling cross-talk between RANKL and IFN-.
Photoactivated -secretase inhibitors directed to the active site covalently label presenilin 1.
p73-deficient mice have neurological, pheromonal and inflammatory defects but lack spontaneous tumours.
Comprehensive mass-spectrometry-based proteome quantification of haploid versus diploid yeast.
The inflammasome recognizes cytosolic microbial and host DNA and triggers an innate immune response.
Designing metallic glass matrix composites with high toughness and tensile ductility.
Genotype, haplotype and copy-number variation in worldwide human populations.
STING is an endoplasmic reticulum adaptor that facilitates innate immune signalling.
Volcanic carbon dioxide vents show ecosystem effects of ocean acidification.
Variations in DNA elucidate molecular networks that cause disease.
Selective oxidation with dioxygen by gold nanoparticle catalysts derived from 55-atom clusters.
Medium-scale carbon nanotube thin-film integrated circuits on flexible plastic substrates.
The genome of the choanoflagellate Monosiga brevicollis and the origin of metazoans.
Framing science.
The sphingolipid transporter spns2 functions in migration of zebrafish myocardial precursors.
Evidence for calcium carbonate at the Mars Phoenix landing site.
Observational and model evidence for positive low-level cloud feedback.
High diversity of the viral community from an Antarctic lake.
Impact of shifting patterns of Pacific Ocean warming on North Atlantic tropical cyclones.
Technology and informal education: What is taught, what is learned.
The Red Queen and the Court Jester: species diversity and the role of biotic and abiotic factors through time.
Structural insight into nascent polypeptide chainmediated translational stalling.
Creating bacterial strains from genomes that have been cloned and engineered in yeast.
Structural basis for allostery in integrins and binding to fibrinogen-mimetic therapeutics.
Unusual activity of the Sun during recent decades compared to the previous 11,000 years.
Targeted cancer therapy.
TRPA1 is a candidate for the mechanosensitive transduction channel of vertebrate hair cells.
The ubiquitin ligase COP1 is a critical negative regulator of p53.
Navigating chemical space for biology and medicine.
Costimulatory signals mediated by the ITAM motif cooperate with RANKL for bone homeostasis.
Synaptic computation.
Genetic and developmental basis of evolutionary pelvic reduction in threespine sticklebacks.
Equilibrium cluster formation in concentrated protein solutions and colloids.
The functions of animal microRNAs.
Identification of human brain tumour initiating cells.
Extinction risk from climate change.
Room-temperature fabrication of transparent flexible thin-film transistors using amorphous oxide semiconductors.
The path to ubiquitous and low-cost organic electronic appliances on plastic.
Lead-free piezoceramics.
Finishing the euchromatic sequence of the human genome.
The worldwide leaf economics spectrum.
Haematopoietic stem cells do not transdifferentiate into cardiac myocytes in myocardial infarcts.
Strong coupling of a single photon to a superconducting qubit using circuit quantum electrodynamics.
Primitive agriculture in a social amoeba.
A giant thunderstorm on Saturn.
Active formation of/chaos terrain/'over shallow subsurface water on Europa.
Medicine: diabetes in India.
Architecture of the Mediator head module.
Eocene global warming events driven by ventilation of oceanic dissolved organic carbon.
Chronological evidence that the Moon is either young or did not have a global magma ocean.
Messinian salinity crisis regulated by competing tectonics and erosion at the Gibraltar arc.
The unusual [ggr]-ray burst GRB 101225A from a helium star/neutron star merger at redshift 0.33.
Sensing the anomeric effect in a solvent-free environment.
Attenuation of allergic contact dermatitis through the endocannabinoid system.
A basal dromaeosaurid and size evolution preceding avian flight.
Shaping of elastic sheets by prescription of non-Euclidean metrics.
Engineering modified Bt toxins to counter insect resistance.
Boundary layer halogens in coastal Antarctica.
A plasminogen-activating protease specifically controls the development of primary pneumonic plague.
Polymerizing actin fibers position integrins primed to probe for adhesion sites.
Mutual feedbacks maintain both genetic and species diversity in a plant community.
Structural insight into the transglycosylation step of bacterial cell-wall biosynthesis.
Blurring the boundary: the nuclear envelope extends its reach.
Towards germline gene therapy of inherited mitochondrial diseases.
Biomimetic assembly and activation of [FeFe]-hydrogenases.
Optical magnetic imaging of living cells.
Vitamin [thinsp] C induces Tet-dependent DNA demethylation and a blastocyst-like state in ES cells.
An eclipsing-binary distance to the Large Magellanic Cloud accurate to two per cent.
p53 status determines the role of autophagy in pancreatic tumour development.
Dedifferentiation of committed epithelial cells into stem cells in vivo.
Terrestrial water fluxes dominated by transpiration.
Sensitivity of tropical carbon to climate change constrained by carbon dioxide variability.
Macropinocytosis of protein is an amino acid supply route in Ras-transformed cells.
Sonoluminescence: Cavitation hots up.
Japan's whaling plan under scrutiny.
Bird flu spreads among Java's pigs.
Mammal-like muscles power swimming in a cold-water shark.
Entomology: Asian honeybees parasitize the future dead.
A perspective on surfaces and interfaces.
Stem-cell niches: it's the ecology, stupid!.
A circumstellar disk associated with a massive protostellar object.
Orbital forcing of Cretaceous river discharge in tropical Africa and ocean response.
Plant physiology: a big issue for trees.
CLP1 links tRNA metabolism to progressive motor-neuron loss.
North Atlantic warming and the retreat of Greenland's outlet glaciers.
Uhrf1-dependent H3K23 ubiquitylation couples maintenance DNA methylation and replication.
Slower recovery in space before collapse of connected populations.
/See-saw/'expression of microRNA-198 and FSTL1 from a single transcript in wound healing.
The initiation of mammalian protein synthesis and mRNA scanning mechanism.
RIP1-driven autoinflammation targets IL-1 [agr] independently of inflammasomes and RIP3.
Attention enhances synaptic efficacy and the signal-to-noise ratio in neural circuits.
Structure of LIMP-2 provides functional insights with implications for SR-BI and CD36.
Evidence for sympathetic vibrational cooling of translationally cold molecules.
Four-dimensional imaging of carrier interface dynamics in pn junctions.
Squeezing out efficient thermoelectrics.
Experimental nutrient additions accelerate terrestrial carbon loss from stream ecosystems.
The bubble-like interior of the core-collapse supernova remnant Cassiopeia A.
Going toward the grains.
Accelerating extinction risk from climate change.
Dilution limits dissolved organic carbon utilization in the deep ocean.
[C] Termites can stabilize tropical grasslands.
Actin-based plasticity in dendritic spines.
Regional changes in carbon dioxide fluxes of land and oceans since 1980.
Positional syntenic cloning and functional characterization of the mammalian circadian mutation tau.
Role of CD47 as a marker of self on red blood cells.
-Arrestin 2: a receptor-regulated MAPK scaffold for the activation of JNK3.
Role for rapid dendritic protein synthesis in hippocampal mGluR-dependent long-term depression.
Dependence of stem cell fate in Arabidopsis on a feedback loop regulated by CLV3 activity.
Spin-dependent tunneling in self-assembled cobalt-nanocrystal superlattices.
A high-resolution millennial record of the South Asian monsoon from Himalayan ice cores.
Direct observation of dynamical heterogeneities in colloidal hard-sphere suspensions.
A two-step mechanism for TRF2-mediated chromosome-end protection.
Platelet-biased stem cells reside at the apex of the haematopoietic stem-cell hierarchy.
Campus 2.0.
Intra-oceanic subduction shaped the assembly of Cordilleran North America.
Cortical connectivity and sensory coding.
Life history trade-offs at a single locus maintain sexually selected genetic variation.
Calving fluxes and basal melt rates of Antarctic ice shelves.
Oxytocin enhances hippocampal spike transmission by modulating fast-spiking interneurons.
Structure and function of the initially transcribing RNA polymerase II-TFIIB complex.
Recombination-restarted replication makes inverted chromosome fusions at inverted repeats.
A heme export protein is required for red blood cell differentiation and iron homeostasis.
Colossal positive and negative thermal expansion in the framework material Ag3 [Co (CN) 6].
The impact of stratospheric ozone recovery on the Southern Hemisphere westerly jet.
Suppression of the microRNA pathway by bacterial effector proteins.
Putting electrowetting to work.
Control of the reversibility of cellular quiescence by the transcriptional repressor HES1.
Molecular coupling of Xist regulation and pluripotency.
Probing cold dense nuclear matter.
X-ray diffraction and computation yield the structure of alkanethiols on gold (111).
Noncytotoxic lytic granulemediated CD8+ T cell inhibition of HSV-1 reactivation from neuronal latency.
Global rates of marine sulfate reduction and implications for subsea-floor metabolic activities.
X-ray structures of AMPA receptorcone snail toxin complexes illuminate activation mechanism.
AP2 controls clathrin polymerization with a membrane-activated switch.
Infrared-driven unimolecular reaction of CH3CHOO Criegee intermediates to OH radical products.
Defining a mesenchymal progenitor niche at single-cell resolution.
Unlocking ancient protein palimpsests.
Beyond blob-ology.
Clues from the resilient.
Vertebrate limb bud formation is initiated by localized epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition.
Instantaneous energetics of puma kills reveal advantage of felid sneak attacks.
Measuring China's circular economy.
The innate growth bistability and fitness landscapes of antibiotic-resistant bacteria.
Population growth in a wild bird is buffered against phenological mismatch.
Emergence and diversification of fly pigmentation through evolution of a gene regulatory module.
Selective CH Fluorination of Pyridines and Diazines Inspired by a Classic Amination Reaction.
Probing the limits of genetic recoding in essential genes.
Voltage-gated sodium channel in grasshopper mice defends against bark scorpion toxin.
FtsZ protofilaments use a hinge-opening mechanism for constrictive force generation.
Cytoplasmic volume modulates spindle size during embryogenesis.
Topotactic interconversion of nanoparticle superlattices.
Cholinergic enhancement and increased selectivity of perceptual processing during working memory.
Widespread complex flow in the interior of the Antarctic ice sheet.
Predictions of biodiversity response to genetically modified herbicide-tolerant crops.
Ultrafast electron localization dynamics following photo-induced charge transfer.
Science and the precautionary principle.
Recovery and management options for spring/summer chinook salmon in the Columbia River Basin.
Oxygen activation and reduction in respiration: involvement of redox-active tyrosine 244.
Modulation instability and pattern formation in spatially incoherent light beams.
A role for histone acetylation in the developmental regulation of V (D) J recombination.
Structural basis of Smad2 recognition by the Smad anchor for receptor activation.
Structural basis for iron piracy by pathogenic Neisseria.
Retinal waves coordinate patterned activity throughout the developing visual system.
Evolution of increased complexity in a molecular machine.
Reconfigurable self-assembly through chiral control of interfacial tension.
A primordial origin for misalignments between stellar spin axes and planetary orbits.
A soybean cyst nematode resistance gene points to a new mechanism of plant resistance to pathogens.
Activity in motor-sensory projections reveals distributed coding in somatosensation.
Covert skill learning in a cortical-basal ganglia circuit.
[C] ENCODE: The human encyclopaedia..
Deformation cycles of subduction earthquakes in a viscoelastic Earth.
Formation, stability, and breakup of nanojets.
An all-dielectric coaxial waveguide.
Function of GATA transcription factors in preadipocyte-adipocyte transition.
Rutile-bearing refractory eclogites: missing link between continents and depleted mantle.
Interconnected feedback loops in the Neurospora circadian system.
Discovery of young, isolated planetary mass objects in the  Orionis star cluster.
T-Independent immune response: new aspects of B cell biology.
Effects of environment on compensatory mutations to ameliorate costs of antibiotic resistance.
Chaperone selection during glycoprotein translocation into the endoplasmic reticulum.
Molecular analysis of plant migration and refugia in the Arctic.
MicroRNA-mediated integration of haemodynamics and Vegf signalling during angiogenesis.
Encoding of conditioned fear in central amygdala inhibitory circuits.
A substantial population of low-mass stars in luminous elliptical galaxies.
Histone H2A deubiquitinase activity of the Polycomb repressive complex PR-DUB.
Conical intersection dynamics of the primary photoisomerization event in vision.
Intra-unit-cell electronic nematicity of the high-Tc copper-oxide pseudogap states.
Copenhagen Accord pledges are paltry.
Heteroplasmic mitochondrial DNA mutations in normal and tumour cells.
Bacterial charity work leads to population-wide resistance.
Hierarchical group dynamics in pigeon flocks.
Persistent sourcing of coherent spins for multifunctional semiconductor spintronics.
Dominant rams lose out by sperm depletion.
An alternative approach to establishing trade-offs among greenhouse gases.
RPA governs endonuclease switching during processing of Okazaki fragments in eukaryotes.
Symbiotic fungal endophytes control insect hostparasite interaction webs.
Production of iron nanoparticles by laser irradiation in a simulation of lunar-like space weathering.
The Earth's mantle.
Arrangement of RNA and proteins in the spliceosomal U1 small nuclear ribonucleoprotein particle.
Single nucleotide polymorphisms:... to a future of genetic medicine.
Regulation of Ca2&plus; channel expression at the cell surface by the small G-protein kir/Gem.
High-harmonic generation by resonant plasmon field enhancement.
Strong dispersive coupling of a high-finesse cavity to a micromechanical membrane.
A Mott insulator of fermionic atoms in an optical lattice.
Colossal cages in zeolitic imidazolate frameworks as selective carbon dioxide reservoirs.
Neuroligins and neurexins link synaptic function to cognitive disease.
Nanoscale imaging magnetometry with diamond spins under ambient conditions.
Nanoscale magnetic sensing with an individual electronic spin in diamond.
Control of Treg and TH17 cell differentiation by the aryl hydrocarbon receptor.
Catalytic CH functionalization by metal carbenoid and nitrenoid insertion.
Old-growth forests as global carbon sinks.
[C] Policy: The art of science advice to government..
[DOC][DOC] Medical research: treat ageing.
[C] Climate economics: make supply chains climate-smart..
Protect the deep sea.
Earliest malaria DNA found in Roman baby graveyard..
[C] Carbon sequestration: Managing forests in uncertain times.
[C] Big Bang blunder bursts the multiverse bubble..
[C] Publishing: the peer-review scam..
[C] Climate policy: Ditch the 2 C warming goal..
Mutations in CIC and FUBP1 contribute to human oligodendroglioma.
Transgenerational epigenetic instability is a source of novel methylation variants.
Ultralight metallic microlattices.
Deterministic preparation of a tunable few-fermion system.
A dynamic knockout reveals that conformational fluctuations influence the chemical step of enzyme catalysis.
Regeneration of ammonia borane spent fuel by direct reaction with hydrazine and liquid ammonia.
Precise manipulation of chromosomes in vivo enables genome-wide codon replacement.
Synthesized light transients.
Global resilience of tropical forest and savanna to critical transitions.
Pyrazinamide inhibits trans-translation in Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
Spider toxins activate the capsaicin receptor to produce inflammatory pain.
Degradation of Id2 by the anaphase-promoting complex couples cell cycle exit and axonal growth.
Clonal analysis reveals a common progenitor for thymic cortical and medullary epithelium.
Identification of pathways regulating cell size and cell-cycle progression by RNAi.
Long-lasting arrest of murine polycystic kidney disease with CDK inhibitor roscovitine.
The effect of water on the electrical conductivity of olivine.
Surface expression of MHC class II in dendritic cells is controlled by regulated ubiquitination.
A trehalose metabolic enzyme controls inflorescence architecture in maize.
2020 Computing: Science in an exponential world.
Synchrotron X-ray tomographic microscopy of fossil embryos.
Human host factors required for influenza virus replication.
Patient-specific induced pluripotent stem-cell-derived models of LEOPARD syndrome.
Mutations of optineurin in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Molecular robots guided by prescriptive landscapes.
Nanoscale architecture of integrin-based cell adhesions.
Targeting early infection to prevent HIV-1 mucosal transmission.
Measuring mechanical tension across vinculin reveals regulation of focal adhesion dynamics.
Quantum spin liquid emerging in two-dimensional correlated Dirac fermions.
Population diversity and the portfolio effect in an exploited species.
Retroviral intasome assembly and inhibition of DNA strand transfer.
Following translation by single ribosomes one codon at a time.
Towards a transgenic model of Huntington's disease in a non-human primate.
A solid-state lightmatter interface at the single-photon level.
Solid-state quantum memory using the 31P nuclear spin.
Genetic variation in human NPY expression affects stress response and emotion.
Influence of the Gulf Stream on the troposphere.
Spontaneous vortices in the formation of BoseEinstein condensates.
A two-tiered mechanism for stabilization and immobilization of E-cadherin.
An intrinsic mechanism of corticogenesis from embryonic stem cells.
Chemically ubiquitylated histone H2B stimulates hDot1L-mediated intranucleosomal methylation.
Astrophysics (communication arising): A constraint on canonical quantum gravity?.
Special Report: The birth of biotechnology.
Medical technology: balancing the unbalanced.
Atmospheric science: African dust in Florida clouds.
Virus detectives seek source of SARS in China's wild animals.
Insect signalling: components of giant hornet alarm pheromone.
Genome sequences from the sea.
Ageing: microarraying mortality.
Robust judgement of inter-object distance by an arthropod.
Diverse transitional giant fleas from the Mesozoic era of China.
Quantum phase transition in a resonant level coupled to interacting leads.
Epigenetics: stress makes its molecular mark.
Genomics: the breast cancer landscape.
Cell biology: Neither brown nor white.
Inland thinning of West Antarctic Ice Sheet steered along subglacial rifts.
Enzymatic catalysis of anti-Baldwin ring closure in polyether biosynthesis.
Activated GTPase movement on an RNA scaffold drives co-translational protein targeting.
Ecology: Bumblebees and pesticides.
Mitochondrial Atpif1 regulates haem synthesis in developing erythroblasts.
Regeneration of peroxiredoxins by p53-regulated sestrins, homologs of bacterial AhpD.
Vortex core-driven magnetization dynamics.
Nutrient availability regulates SIRT1 through a forkhead-dependent pathway.
The involvement of the anterior cingulate cortex in remote contextual fear memory.
Continental-scale partitioning of fire emissions during the 1997 to 2001 El Nino/La Nina period.
Structural basis of mitochondrial tethering by mitofusin complexes.
The Kondo effect in the presence of ferromagnetism.
Bmp4 and morphological variation of beaks in Darwin's finches.
A putative Ca2+ and calmodulin-dependent protein kinase required for bacterial and fungal symbioses.
Uniform inhibition of dopamine neurons in the ventral tegmental area by aversive stimuli.
The endothelial-cell-derived secreted factor Egfl7 regulates vascular tube formation.
Eight glacial cycles from an Antarctic ice core.
Experimental evidence for the existence of iron-rich metal in the Earth's lower mantle.
Generalization in vision and motor control.
The transition to a sulphidic ocean 1.84 billion years ago.
Decline of surface temperature and salinity in the western tropical Pacific Ocean in the Holocene epoch.
Seeds of concern.
Bioturbators enhance ecosystem function through complex biogeochemical interactions.
Processing of wild cereal grains in the Upper Palaeolithic revealed by starch grain analysis.
Reciprocal regulation of haem biosynthesis and the circadian clock in mammals.
Nitrogenase complexes: multiple docking sites for a nucleotide switch protein.
Dark structures in molecular radiationless transitions determined by ultrafast diffraction.
Y chromosome of D. pseudoobscura is not homologous to the ancestral Drosophila Y.
Torus-margo pits help conifers compete with angiosperms.
Quantum coherence in an optical modulator.
Gender-specific reproductive tissue in ratites and Tyrannosaurus rex.
Self-organized origami.
Rapid glacial erosion at 1.8 Ma revealed by 4He/3He thermochronometry.
What links bats to emerging infectious diseases?.
Imaging doped holes in a cuprate superconductor with high-resolution Compton scattering.
Wolbachia enhance Drosophila stem cell proliferation and target the germline stem cell niche.
India's demographic change: opportunities and challenges.
MESSENGER observations of the spatial distribution of planetary ions near Mercury.
A key enzyme in the biogenesis of lysosomes is a protease that regulates cholesterol metabolism.
Response to comments on Does the hydrated electron occupy a cavity?.
The molecular basis of acid insensitivity in the African naked mole-rat.
Combining targeted drugs to stop resistant tumors.
Thermal structure and dynamics of Saturn's northern springtime disturbance.
Deep human genealogies reveal a selective advantage to be on an expanding wave front.
Non-random segregation of sister chromosomes in Escherichia coli.
Mouse development with a single E2F activator.
Multimodal warning signals for a multiple predator world.
Stereocilin-deficient mice reveal the origin of cochlear waveform distortions.
The pectoral fin of Panderichthys and the origin of digits.
Tibetan plateau river incision inhibited by glacial stabilization of the Tsangpo gorge.
Hydrous silicate melt at high pressure.
Eocene/Oligocene ocean de-acidification linked to Antarctic glaciation by sea-level fall.
Trans-splicing in C. elegans generates the negative RNAi regulator ERI-6/7.
The role of HLA-DQ8 &bgr; 57 polymorphism in the anti-gluten T-cell response in coeliac disease.
Integration of TGF- and Ras/MAPK signaling through p53 phosphorylation.
Multifunctional nanomechanical systems via tunably coupled piezoelectric actuation.
Detection of near-atmospheric concentrations of CO2 by an olfactory subsystem in the mouse.
Decision theory: what" should" the nervous system do?.
The macroecological contribution to global change solutions.
Nonequilibrium phase transitions in cuprates observed by ultrafast electron crystallography.
5'-triphosphate-dependent activation of PKR by RNAs with short stem-loops.
Trojan horse strategy in Agrobacterium transformation: abusing MAPK defense signaling.
Crystal structures of the adenylate sensor from fission yeast AMP-activated protein kinase.
A common fold mediates vertebrate defense and bacterial attack.
Network analysis of oncogenic Ras activation in cancer.
In situ imaging of the endogenous CD8 T cell response to infection.
Video cameras on wild birds.
The DEAD-box RNA helicase Dbp5 functions in translation termination.
Rise and fall of species occupancy in Cenozoic fossil mollusks.
An ATP gate controls tubulin binding by the tethered head of kinesin-1.
Robotics in remote and hostile environments.
Bilayer 3He: a simple two-dimensional heavy-fermion system with quantum criticality.
Requirement of inositol pyrophosphates for full exocytotic capacity in pancreatic  cells.
Asymmetric catalysis of the transannular Diels-Alder reaction.
A role for self-gravity at multiple length scales in the process of star formation.
Is free will an illusion?.
ETS rearrangements and prostate cancer initiation.
Earth's transmission spectrum from lunar eclipse observations.
Crystal structure of a bacterial homologue of the kidney urea transporter.
Peptide neurotransmitters activate a cation channel complex of NALCN and UNC-80.
Substrate interactions and promiscuity in a viral DNA packaging motor.
Keep off the grass.
A binary star fraction of 76 per cent and unusual orbit parameters for the blue stragglers of NGC 188.
The dynein regulatory complex is required for ciliary motility and otolith biogenesis in the inner ear.
Adult pancreatic -cells are formed by self-duplication rather than stem-cell differentiation.
Cell-cycle checkpoints and cancer.
The Microprocessor complex mediates the genesis of microRNAs.
Haematopoietic stem cells adopt mature haematopoietic fates in ischaemic myocardium.
A high-performance cathode for the next generation of solid-oxide fuel cells.
A route to high surface area, porosity and inclusion of large molecules in crystals.
The role of autophagy during the early neonatal starvation period.
RNA silencing in plants.
Vacuum Rabi splitting with a single quantum dot in a photonic crystal nanocavity.
Genome sequence of the Brown Norway rat yields insights into mammalian evolution.
Autoregulation of microRNA biogenesis by let-7 and Argonaute.
Layered reward signalling through octopamine and dopamine in Drosophila.
The deubiquitinase USP9X suppresses pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
Securing natural capital and expanding equity to rescale civilization.
Room-temperature ferroelectricity in supramolecular networks of charge-transfer complexes.
Rapid induction of inflammatory lipid mediators by the inflammasome in vivo.
Heterodimeric JAK-STAT activation as a mechanism of persistence to JAK2 inhibitor therapy.
A new understanding of the decoding principle on the ribosome.
Lower satellite-gravimetry estimates of Antarctic sea-level contribution.
Hsp90 stress potentiates rapid cellular adaptation through induction of aneuploidy.
Subangstrom resolution X-ray structure details aquaporin-water interactions.
Density triggers maternal hormones that increase adaptive offspring growth in a wild mammal.
Synchronous X-ray and radio mode switches: a rapid global transformation of the pulsar magnetosphere.
Dissecting X-rayEmitting Gas Around the Center of Our Galaxy.
Hierarchical porous polymer scaffolds from block copolymers.
2000 years of parallel societies in Stone Age Central Europe.
Invasive plants have scale-dependent effects on diversity by altering species-area relationships.
Intact but less accessible phonetic representations in adults with dyslexia.
Neurotransmitter switching in the adult brain regulates behavior.
Invasive harlequin ladybird carries biological weapons against native competitors.
Type VI secretion delivers bacteriolytic effectors to target cells.
Reversing pathological neural activity using targeted plasticity.
MMSET regulates histone H4K20 methylation and 53BP1 accumulation at DNA damage sites.
Spontaneous epigenetic variation in the Arabidopsis thaliana methylome.
Reversing EphB2 depletion rescues cognitive functions in Alzheimer model.
Real-time quantum feedback prepares and stabilizes photon number states.
Antidiabetic actions of a non-agonist PPAR [ggr] ligand blocking Cdk5-mediated phosphorylation.
Functional complementation between FADD and RIP1 in embryos and lymphocytes.
Evidence for several waves of global transmission in the seventh cholera pandemic.
CREBBP mutations in relapsed acute lymphoblastic leukaemia.
Weapons of mutational destruction.
AIDS vaccine trial produces disappointment and confusion.
A place to die, a place to sleep.
Making the work a safer place.
Obesity--What Is To Be Done?.
How water enters the stratosphere.
Comment on" Grasping Primate Origins".
Lessons from SARS.
Optical analogs of 2D NMR.
Passing messages between disciplines.
Asymmetric inheritance of centrosomally localized mRNAs during embryonic cleavages.
Tropical agriculture: the value of bees to the coffee harvest.
Climate change (Communication arising): Regional warming and malaria resurgence.
Discrete stages in the solvation and ionization of hydrogen chloride adsorbed on ice particles.
Applied physics: Bridge for the terahertz gap.
Structural basis for acidic-cluster-dileucine sorting-signal recognition by VHS domains.
Involvement of DARPP-32 phosphorylation in the stimulant action of caffeine.
Golgi biogenesis in Toxoplasma gondii.
A biological role for prokaryotic ClC chloride channels.
Voltage-sensing mechanism is conserved among ion channels gated by opposite voltages.
Coupling of agonist binding to channel gating in an ACh-binding protein linked to an ion channel.
Communications: Quantum teleportation across the Danube.
Climatology: Threatened loss of the Greenland ice-sheet.
Partial order in the non-Fermi-liquid phase of MnSi.
Iron corrosion by novel anaerobic microorganisms.
Excitation of Earth's continuous free oscillations by atmosphereoceanseafloor coupling.
Substrate twinning activates the signal recognition particle and its receptor.
Photosynthetic architecture differs in coastal and oceanic diatoms.
Two mitotic kinesins cooperate to drive sister chromatid separation during anaphase.
Substrate recognition strategy for botulinum neurotoxin serotype A.
Energetic neutral atom emissions from Titan interaction with Saturn's magnetosphere.
How does a single somatic cell become a whole plant?.
Forbidden knowledge.
Fossil horsesevidence for evolution.
Characterization of a Phytophthora mating hormone.
Khipu accounting in ancient Peru.
How will big pictures emerge from a sea of biological data?.
A century of corn selection.
Cassini discovers a kinematic spiral ring around Saturn.
Courting bird sings with stridulating wing feathers.
Interfacial effects in iron-nickel hydroxideplatinum nanoparticles enhance catalytic oxidation.
Oxidation products of biogenic emissions contribute to nucleation of atmospheric particles.
Transient water vapor at Europa's south pole.
The resolution revolution.
Crystal structure of a heterotetrameric NMDA receptor ion channel.
Association of the autoimmune disease scleroderma with an immunologic response to cancer.
Sound isolation and giant linear nonreciprocity in a compact acoustic circulator.
Complement is activated by IgG hexamers assembled at the cell surface.
Tunable phonon polaritons in atomically thin van der Waals crystals of boron nitride.
Methane on the riseagain.
Early childhood investments substantially boost adult health.
Defaunation in the Anthropocene.
Mineralogy of a mudstone at Yellowknife Bay, Gale crater, Mars.
Marine ice sheet collapse potentially under way for the Thwaites Glacier Basin, West Antarctica.
Specific and nonhepatotoxic degradation of nuclear hepatitis B virus cccDNA.
Exome sequencing links corticospinal motor neuron disease to common neurodegenerative disorders.
Vascular and neurogenic rejuvenation of the aging mouse brain by young systemic factors.
Total synthesis of a functional designer eukaryotic chromosome.
A chromosome-based draft sequence of the hexaploid bread wheat (Triticum aestivum) genome.
Unlocking the potential of cation-disordered oxides for rechargeable lithium batteries.
Somatic copy number mosaicism in human skin revealed by induced pluripotent stem cells.
The bonobo genome compared with the chimpanzee and human genomes.
Charge order and three-site distortions in the Verwey structure of magnetite.
Thermal and electrical conductivity of iron at Earth/'s core conditions.
Quantum teleportation and entanglement distribution over 100-kilometre free-space channels.
Brain-wide neuronal dynamics during motor adaptation in zebrafish.
Metastability and coherence of repulsive polarons in a strongly interacting Fermi mixture.
An absence of ex-companion stars in the type Ia supernova remnant SNR 0509-67.5.
Pathway complexity in supramolecular polymerization.
Circuit quantum electrodynamics with a spin qubit.
Evidence for interstitial carbon in nitrogenase FeMo cofactor.
Potential for chemolithoautotrophy among ubiquitous bacteria lineages in the dark ocean.
Increasing the potency and breadth of an HIV antibody by using structure-based rational design.
Productivity is a poor predictor of plant species richness.
Observing the multiexciton state in singlet fission and ensuing ultrafast multielectron transfer.
Low-power switching of phase-change materials with carbon nanotube electrodes.
Direct ubiquitination of pattern recognition receptor FLS2 attenuates plant innate immunity.
A fluoride-derived electrophilic late-stage fluorination reagent for PET imaging.
Role for piRNAs and noncoding RNA in de novo DNA methylation of the imprinted mouse Rasgrf1 locus.
Baryons at the Edge of the X-rayBrightest Galaxy Cluster.
Global seabird response to forage fish depletionone-third for the birds.
Discovery of powerful gamma-ray flares from the Crab Nebula.
The origins of hot plasma in the solar corona.
Coupled, circumferential motions of the cell wall synthesis machinery and MreB filaments in B. subtilis.
Processive movement of MreB-associated cell wall biosynthetic complexes in bacteria.
Light-induced superconductivity in a stripe-ordered cuprate.
A persistent oxygen anomaly reveals the fate of spilled methane in the deep Gulf of Mexico.
Animal migration and infectious disease risk.
Endocannabinoid hydrolysis generates brain prostaglandins that promote neuroinflammation.
Adaptation to climate across the Arabidopsis thaliana genome.
Calibration of the lutetium-hafnium clock.
Complete genome sequence of a virulent isolate of Streptococcus pneumoniae.
Extension of life-span by loss of CHICO, a Drosophila insulin receptor substrate protein.
Structural basis of transcription: RNA polymerase II at 2.8 ngstrom resolution.
CNS synaptogenesis promoted by glia-derived cholesterol.
Control of synapse number by glia.
Femtomolar sensitivity of metalloregulatory proteins controlling zinc homeostasis.
Linearly polarized emission from colloidal semiconductor quantum rods.
Duration of nuclear NF-B action regulated by reversible acetylation.
Myotonic dystrophy type 2 caused by a CCTG expansion in intron 1 of ZNF9.
Large-scale complementary integrated circuits based on organic transistors.
Genetic pathways that regulate ageing in model organisms.
TACI and BCMA are receptors for a TNF homologue implicated in B-cell autoimmune disease.
Reduced calcification of marine plankton in response to increased atmospheric CO2.
Atmospheric carbon dioxide concentrations over the past 60 million years.
The segment polarity network is a robust developmental module.
Gene expression: total silencing by intron-spliced hairpin RNAs.
Coexistence of ferromagnetism and metallic conductivity in a molecule-based layered compound.
Immune control of HIV-1 after early treatment of acute infection.
Embryogenesis: demethylation of the zygotic paternal genome.
Increasing human dominance of tropical forests.
Life-threatening influenza and impaired interferon amplification in human IRF7 deficiency.
Backlash greets 'bad luck'cancer study and coverage.
Newborn screening collides with privacy fears.
Subnanoscale hydrophobic modulation of salt bridges in aqueous media.
Readily processed protonic ceramic fuel cells with high performance at low temperatures.
Morphinan biosynthesis in opium poppy requires a P450-oxidoreductase fusion protein.
Woes for 'exercise hormone'.
Interleukin-3 amplifies acute inflammation and is a potential therapeutic target in sepsis.
Structural basis of pre-mRNA splicing.
Correlation of the highest-energy cosmic rays with nearby extragalactic objects.
Magnifying superlens in the visible frequency range.
Autophagy-dependent viral recognition by plasmacytoid dendritic cells.
Coherent control of a single electron spin with electric fields.
Sirtuin 2 inhibitors rescue -synuclein-mediated toxicity in models of Parkinson's disease.
Direct synthesis of amides from alcohols and amines with liberation of H2.
Developmentally regulated piRNA clusters implicate MILI in transposon control.
Block copolymer assembly via kinetic control.
Plant speciation.
Hold your horses: impulsivity, deep brain stimulation, and medication in parkinsonism.
Entropically stabilized local dipole formation in lead chalcogenides.
Covering a broad dynamic range: information processing at the erythropoietin receptor.
Chemoattraction to dimethylsulfoniopropionate throughout the marine microbial food web.
Axon extension occurs independently of centrosomal microtubule nucleation.
The genetic and molecular basis for sunscreen biosynthesis in cyanobacteria.
Prion strain mutation determined by prion protein conformational compatibility and primary structure.
Controlling radiation damage.
Heme-like coordination chemistry within nanoporous molecular crystals.
Contact network structure explains the changing epidemiology of pertussis.
From the connectome to the synaptome: an epic love story.
Internet encyclopaedias go head to head.
Towards a proteome-scale map of the human proteinprotein interaction network.
Colloidal nanocrystal synthesis and the organicinorganic interface.
Specific killing of BRCA2-deficient tumours with inhibitors of poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase.
Angiogenesis as a therapeutic target.
DNA damage response as a candidate anti-cancer barrier in early human tumorigenesis.
Energy input from quasars regulates the growth and activity of black holes and their host galaxies.
A general strategy for nanocrystal synthesis.
Nutrient control of glucose homeostasis through a complex of PGC-1 and SIRT1.
VEGFR1-positive haematopoietic bone marrow progenitors initiate the pre-metastatic niche.
Meteorite Kr in Earth's mantle suggests a late accretionary source for the atmosphere.
Virology. Moving forward in HIV vaccine development.
China first to vaccinate against novel H1N1 virus.
Epicontinental seas versus open-ocean settings: the kinetics of mass extinction and origination.
Rapid resurgence of marine productivity after the Cretaceous-Paleogene mass extinction.
A new kind of ancestor: Ardipithecus unveiled.
Complex systems and networks.
The illusive gold standard in genetic ancestry testing.
Plant bar code soon to become reality.
Minority retention rates in science are sore spot for most universities.
Convergence of electronic bands for high performance bulk thermoelectrics.
Charting a course for genomic medicine from base pairs to bedside.
Vpx relieves inhibition of HIV-1 infection of macrophages mediated by the SAMHD1 protein.
Tunnel field-effect transistors as energy-efficient electronic switches.
Oncogenically active MYD88 mutations in human lymphoma.
Oncogene-induced Nrf2 transcription promotes ROS detoxification and tumorigenesis.
Dopamine neurons derived from human ES cells efficiently engraft in animal models of Parkinson/'s disease.
Profound early control of highly pathogenic SIV by an effector memory T-cell vaccine.
Genetic variegation of clonal architecture and propagating cells in leukaemia.
Structure and function of an irreversible agonist-[bgr] 2 adrenoceptor complex.
Regulation of cytokine receptors by Golgi N-glycan processing and endocytosis.
Functional anatomy of the attentional modulation of time estimation.
One-way control of FWA imprinting in Arabidopsis endosperm by DNA methylation.
Cognitive inflexibility after prefrontal serotonin depletion.
Direct sub-angstrom imaging of a crystal lattice.
Infrared Signature of Structures Associated with the H+ (H2O) n (n= 6 to 27) Clusters.
Atmospheric new particle formation enhanced by organic acids.
Multidimensional drug profiling by automated microscopy.
Natural killer cell signaling pathways.
Word learning in a domestic dog: evidence for" fast mapping".
Promoting tumorigenesis by suppressing autophagy.
Spare the (elastic) rod.
Synchronizing nuclear import of ribosomal proteins with ribosome assembly.
A different angle on light communications.
The contribution of private industry to agricultural innovation.
Destruction of Sun-grazing comet C/2011 N3 (SOHO) within the low solar corona.
Satellite estimates of precipitation-induced dissipation in the atmosphere.
A Swiss Army Knife of Immunity.
Rethinking Research Ethics: The case of postmarketing trials.
HIV interplay with SAMHD1.
Agricultural research, productivity, and food prices in the long run.
Atlantic forcing of persistent drought in West Africa.
Halofuginone inhibits TH17 cell differentiation by activating the amino acid starvation response.
Greatly increased toughness of infiltrated spider silk.
Structure of the LKB1-STRAD-MO25 complex reveals an allosteric mechanism of kinase activation.
Disulfide formation in the ER and mitochondria: two solutions to a common process.
Experimental observations of stress-driven grain boundary migration.
Predicting elections: Child's play!.
Solution nuclear magnetic resonance structure of membrane-integral diacylglycerol kinase.
Demonstration of genetic exchange during cyclical development of Leishmania in the sand fly vector.
Public health: The case for pay to quit.
In situ low-relief landscape formation as a result of river network disruption.
Yap-dependent reprogramming of Lgr5+ stem cells drives intestinal regeneration and cancer.
Cancer: A piece of the p53 puzzle.
Strangulation as the primary mechanism for shutting down star formation in galaxies.
Viral-genetic tracing of the input-output organization of a central noradrenaline circuit.
Science fiction: Crusoe on Mars.
[C] Urban observatories: City data can inform decision theory.
Fisheries: Better policing for fishy catch data.
A H+-gated urea channel: the link between Helicobacter pylori urease and gastric colonization.
Extended life-span conferred by cotransporter gene mutations in Drosophila.
Song replay during sleep and computational rules for sensorimotor vocal learning.
Prevention of acute liver failure in rats with reversibly immortalized human hepatocytes.
Induction of mating in Candida albicans by construction of MTLa and MTL strains.
Quantum criticality: Competing ground states in low dimensions.
Structure of the hydrated -Al2O3 (0001) surface.
Proximity of chromosomal loci that participate in radiation-induced rearrangements in human cells.
Subatomic features on the silicon (111)-(7 7) surface observed by atomic force microscopy.
A bacterial toxin that controls cell cycle progression as a deoxyribonuclease I-like protein.
DNA sequence motifs for structure-specific recognition and separation of carbon nanotubes.
STING regulates intracellular DNA-mediated, type I interferon-dependent innate immunity.
Distinctive chromatin in human sperm packages genes for embryo development.
Genome sequence and analysis of the Irish potato famine pathogen Phytophthora infestans.
Synthesis of activated pyrimidine ribonucleotides in prebiotically plausible conditions.
Ammonia oxidation kinetics determine niche separation of nitrifying Archaea and Bacteria.
IFN&agr; activates dormant haematopoietic stem cells in vivo.
Five-dimensional optical recording mediated by surface plasmons in gold nanorods.
The carbon balance of terrestrial ecosystems in China.
Extensive dynamic thinning on the margins of the Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets.
Unidirectional pulmonary airflow patterns in the savannah monitor lizard.
DNA-damage-induced differentiation of leukaemic cells as an anti-cancer barrier.
Neurodegeneration: Alzheimer's disease under strain.
Primitive layered gabbros from fast-spreading lower oceanic crust.
Brain structure resolves the segmental affinity of anomalocaridid appendages.
The evolution of the placenta drives a shift in sexual selection in livebearing fish.
Within-group male relatedness reduces harm to females in Drosophila.
Palaeogenomics: genetic roots of the first Americans.
THE ROBO-CHEMIST.
Temperature excludes N2-fixing heterocystous cyanobacteria in the tropical oceans.
Delta-promoted filopodia mediate long-range lateral inhibition in Drosophila.
Direct observation of a local thermal vibration anomaly in a quasicrystal.
Signature of optimal doping in Hall-effect measurements on a high-temperature superconductor.
Visual control of action but not perception requires analytical processing of object shape.
Stem cells: self-renewal writ in blood.
Inflammation: a nervous connection.
Experimental realization of freely propagating teleported qubits.
Physiology (communication arising): Why does metabolic rate scale with body size?.
Palaeobiology: The missing link in Ginkgo evolution.
Spectroscopic fingerprint of phase-incoherent superconductivity in the underdoped Bi2Sr2CaCu2O8+ .
Mantle shear-wave velocity structure beneath the Hawaiian hot spot.
Differential sensitivity to human communication in dogs, wolves, and human infants.
Magnetic field sensing beyond the standard quantum limit using 10-spin NOON states.
Tracking the variable North Atlantic sink for atmospheric CO2.
Leucine-rich repeat protein complex activates mosquito complement in defense against Plasmodium parasites.
Yield stress fluids slowly yield to analysis.
A periplasmic reducing system protects single cysteine residues from oxidation.
Visualizing the 3D internal structure of calcite single crystals grown in agarose hydrogels.
A late Archean sulfidic sea stimulated by early oxidative weathering of the continents.
Relativity: special treatment.
Synthetic hosts by monomolecular imprinting inside dendrimers.
Progress and challenges for malaria vaccines.
Atomic-scale imaging of individual dopant atoms and clusters in highly n-type bulk Si.
A global analysis of Caenorhabditis elegans operons.
Geographic structure and dynamics of coevolutionary selection.
Emergent excitations in a geometrically frustrated magnet.
Mechanism of hydrogen-induced crystallization of amorphous silicon.
Multiple forms of synaptic plasticity triggered by selective suppression of activity in individual neurons.
T-cell engagement of dendritic cells rapidly rearranges MHC class II transport.
Cancer regression and autoimmunity in patients after clonal repopulation with antitumor lymphocytes.
Effectiveness of donor natural killer cell alloreactivity in mismatched hematopoietic transplants.
Matrix metalloproteinase inhibitors and cancertrials and tribulations.
Genetic structure of human populations.
Serotonin transporter genetic variation and the response of the human amygdala.
Role of histone H3 lysine 27 methylation in Polycomb-group silencing.
Microfluidic large-scale integration.
Quantum dot superlattice thermoelectric materials and devices.
A microRNA in a multiple-turnover RNAi enzyme complex.
Specificity and stability in topology of protein networks.
Rapid reductions in North Atlantic Deep Water during the peak of the last interglacial period.
Optical broadband angular selectivity.
A fast and long-lived outflow from the supermassive black hole in NGC 5548.
Molecular basis for disruption of E-cadherin adhesion by botulinum neurotoxin A complex.
Drosophila life span and physiology are modulated by sexual perception and reward.
Super-Eddington Mechanical Power of an Accreting Black Hole in M83.
Pyrimidoindole derivatives are agonists of human hematopoietic stem cell self-renewal.
Apical abscission alters cell polarity and dismantles the primary cilium during neurogenesis.
The critical role of water at the gold-titania interface in catalytic CO oxidation.
Ammonia synthesis by N2 and steam electrolysis in molten hydroxide suspensions of nanoscale Fe2O3.
Fluctuations in Precambrian atmospheric oxygenation recorded by chromium isotopes.
Uptake through glycoprotein 2 of FimH+ bacteria by M cells initiates mucosal immune response.
High-resolution multi-dimensional NMR spectroscopy of proteins in human cells.
Soft colloids make strong glasses.
The diversity of type Ia supernovae from broken symmetries.
A regulatory circuit for piwi by the large Maf gene traffic jam in Drosophila.
Asymmetric centrosome inheritance maintains neural progenitors in the neocortex.
Nicotine binding to brain receptors requires a strong cation&pgr; interaction.
Reconstruction of the history of anthropogenic CO2 concentrations in the ocean.
Uniparental expression of PolIV-dependent siRNAs in developing endosperm of Arabidopsis.
Expanding the repertoire of shape memory alloys.
Olfactory plasticity is regulated by pheromonal signaling in Caenorhabditis elegans.
Following the motions of water molecules in aqueous solutions.
Slow earthquakes linked along dip in the Nankai subduction zone.
Gene doping and sport.
Primordial gravitational waves and cosmology.
Faster interprotein electron transfer in a [myoglobin, b5] complex with a redesigned interface.
What is STEM education?.
Solvent-mediated electron hopping: long-range charge transfer in IBr(CO2) photodissociation.
Climate-modulated channel incision and rupture history of the San Andreas fault in the Carrizo Plain.
Computational thermostabilization of an enzyme.
An aneuploid mouse strain carrying human chromosome 21 with Down syndrome phenotypes.
Unveiling the mechanisms of cell-cell fusion.
Abundance of cellular material and proteins in the atmosphere.
The ins and outs of DNA transfer in bacteria.
Dinosaur coprolites and the early evolution of grasses and grazers.
Genome analysis reveals pili in Group B Streptococcus.
Mutations in Col4a1 cause perinatal cerebral hemorrhage and porencephaly.
On the regulation of populations of mammals, birds, fish, and insects.
The convention on biological diversity's 2010 target.
Publishing: Handful of papers dominates citation.
Fukushima's doses tallied.
Mechanisms for oscillatory true polar wander.
/Melt welt/'mechanism of extreme weakening of gabbro at seismic slip rates.
Cysteinyl leukotriene type I receptor desensitization sustains Ca2+-dependent gene expression.
Neuroscience: Hardwired for taste.
Nuclear proliferation: Time to bury plutonium.
Evolutionary biology: A ratchet for protein complexity.
Public health: Towards a cure for HIV.
[C] Trouble at the text mine..
Stem Lagomorpha and the antiquity of Glires.
A magnetic nanoprobe technology for detecting molecular interactions in live cells.
GTF2IRD1 in craniofacial development of humans and mice.
Grain boundary decohesion by impurity segregation in a nickel-sulfur system.
Rising atmospheric CO2 reduces sequestration of root-derived soil carbon.
Soft-tissue vessels and cellular preservation in Tyrannosaurus rex.
High frictional anisotropy of periodic and aperiodic directions on a quasicrystal surface.
Retinoic acid signaling restricts the cardiac progenitor pool.
Lymphotoxin-Mediated Regulation of  Cell Differentiation by  T Cell Progenitors.
Refocusing disaster aid.
Neural mechanisms of a genome-wide supported psychosis variant.
From hydrogenases to noble metalfree catalytic nanomaterials for H2 production and uptake.
In bad taste: Evidence for the oral origins of moral disgust.
Ardipithecus ramidus and the paleobiology of early hominids.
Glucose deprivation contributes to the development of KRAS pathway mutations in tumor cells.
Observing the quantization of zero mass carriers in graphene.
Functional characterization of the antibiotic resistance reservoir in the human microflora.
Targeted retrieval and analysis of five Neandertal mtDNA genomes.
The formation of massive star systems by accretion.
Movement intention after parietal cortex stimulation in humans.
Opposing activities protect against age-onset proteotoxicity.
The dynamic energy landscape of dihydrofolate reductase catalysis.
Retinoid signaling determines germ cell fate in mice.
Storage of spatial information by the maintenance mechanism of LTP.
Long-distance dispersal of plants.
Asymmetric coevolutionary networks facilitate biodiversity maintenance.
Reefs of the deep: the biology and geology of cold-water coral ecosystems.
Fishing, trophic cascades, and the process of grazing on coral reefs.
Generating optical Schrdinger kittens for quantum information processing.
From disorder to order in marching locusts.
The mitochondrial calcium uniporter is a highly selective ion channel.
Integrating high-throughput and computational data elucidates bacterial networks.
Methylated lysine 79 of histone H3 targets 53BP1 to DNA double-strand breaks.
Genome sequence of the ultrasmall unicellular red alga Cyanidioschyzon merolae 10D.
Theoretical and experimental evidence for a post-perovskite phase of MgSiO3 in Earth's D layer.
Ionic liquids and eutectic mixtures as solvent and template in synthesis of zeolite analogues.
Dating the rise of atmospheric oxygen.
Computational roles for dopamine in behavioural control.
A new small-bodied hominin from the Late Pleistocene of Flores, Indonesia.
Virtual screening of chemical libraries.
Auxin-dependent patterning and gamete specification in the Arabidopsis female gametophyte.
Total synthesis of (+)-11, 11'-dideoxyverticillin A.
The great divides: Ardipithecus ramidus reveals the postcrania of our last common ancestors with African apes.
Shape-controlled colloidal interactions in nematic liquid crystals.
Climate-driven basin-scale decadal oscillations of oceanic phytoplankton.
Complete reconstitution of a highly reducing iterative polyketide synthase.
Differences in early gesture explain SES disparities in child vocabulary size at school entry.
The pelvis and femur of Ardipithecus ramidus: the emergence of upright walking.
Spinal cord stimulation restores locomotion in animal models of Parkinson's disease.
Single nanocrystals of platinum prepared by partial dissolution of Au-Pt nanoalloys.
Inhibition of demethylases by GSK-J1/J4.
Quantum computing: Powered by magic.
Ice and white roses.
Transgenic crops: Mexican GM maize rift is not so simple.
BRAIN initiative: Brain secrets cheap at twice the price.
Scientist-versus-activist debates mislead the public.
Turning point: Andrew Dove.
Corrigendum: Comprehensive molecular profiling of lung adenocarcinoma.
Solar System: Stranded in no-man's-land.
Media consulting: Entertaining science.
Science, Religion, and 'The Will to Believe.'.
Developing Integrated Mobile Applications to Provide Culturally Responsive Support for Minnesota African Diaspora and West African Families Impacted by  .
Semeval-2015 task 17: Taxonomy extraction evaluation (texeval).
Differential Effectiveness of Three Therapeutic Packages in Fostering Adolescents' Intrapersonal Relationship.
Starry Night.
Innate response activator B cells protect against microbial sepsis.
New paradigms in type 2 immunity.
Oxidative aliphatic CH fluorination with fluoride ion catalyzed by a manganese porphyrin.
Molecular mimicry regulates ABA signaling by SnRK2 kinases and PP2C phosphatases.
The heliosphere's interstellar interaction: No bow shock.
Transformation optics and subwavelength control of light.
Radio-wave heating of iron oxide nanoparticles can regulate plasma glucose in mice.
Secreted peptide Dilp8 coordinates Drosophila tissue growth with developmental timing.
Breaking the speed limits of phase-change memory.
Visualizing gas molecules interacting with supported nanoparticulate catalysts at reaction conditions.
Extended nucleation of the 1999 Mw 7.6 Izmit earthquake.
Entrainment of a population of synthetic genetic oscillators.
An activating mutation of AKT2 and human hypoglycemia.
The role of a bilayer interfacial phase on liquid metal embrittlement.
Direct interaction of RNA polymerase II and mediator required for transcription in vivo.
Light-driven changes in energy metabolism directly entrain the cyanobacterial circadian oscillator.
Optix drives the repeated convergent evolution of butterfly wing pattern mimicry.
Archaeorhizomycetes: unearthing an ancient class of ubiquitous soil fungi.
Creating a buzz about insect genomes.
Capillary forces in suspension rheology.
[C] Biology must develop its own big-data systems..
[C] Parasitic infections: Time to tackle cryptosporidiosis..
SR Equations without Constant One-Way Speed of Light.
Drifting Clock and Lunar Cycle.
Malaria drug made in yeast causes market ferment.
Deal done over HeLa cell line.
[C] Stem cells in Texas: Cowboy culture..
Sulphur back in vogue for batteries.
The milk revolution.
Google disease trends: an update.
Decagonal and quasi-crystalline tilings in medieval Islamic architecture.
Magmatic gas composition reveals the source depth of slug-driven Strombolian explosive activity.
Human genetic variation.
Childhood origins of adult resistance to science.
Origin of human bipedalism as an adaptation for locomotion on flexible branches.
Protein sequences from mastodon and Tyrannosaurus rex revealed by mass spectrometry.
Epoxide-opening cascades promoted by water.
Control of Drosophila gastrulation by apical localization of adherens junctions and RhoGEF2.
An ancient mechanism controls the development of cells with a rooting function in land plants.
Evidence that focal adhesion complexes power bacterial gliding motility.
Tropical soils and food security: the next 50 years.
Self-assembly of proteins into designed networks.
Steroid control of longevity in Drosophila melanogaster.
Dimples on nanocrystalline fracture surfaces as evidence for shear plane formation.
High plant diversity in Eocene South America: evidence from Patagonia.
Streamflow and water well responses to earthquakes.
Holocene deglaciation of Marie Byrd land, west Antarctica.
CD46 in meningococcal disease.
The genetics of adult-onset neuropsychiatric disease: complexities and conundra?.
Coral reef death during the 1997 Indian Ocean dipole linked to Indonesian wildfires.
Distinguishing the ultrafast dynamics of spin and orbital moments in solids.
Interaction between RasV12 and scribbled clones induces tumour growth and invasion.
Developmental genetics of vertebrate glial-cell specification.
Microbial metalloproteomes are largely uncharacterized.
Neural bases for addictive properties of benzodiazepines.
Electromagnetically induced transparency with single atoms in a cavity.
Oxidation of methane by a biological dicopper centre.
Rb regulates fate choice and lineage commitment in vivo.
TLR recognition of self nucleic acids hampers glucocorticoid activity in lupus.
Learning-related fine-scale specificity imaged in motor cortex circuits of behaving mice.
Chemical investigation of hassium (element 108).
Metalinsulator transition in chains with correlated disorder.
The dynamics of actin-based motility depend on surface parameters.
A naturally occurring MTA1 variant sequesters oestrogen receptor- in the cytoplasm.
Stem cells that make stems.
Small-scale structure of the geodynamo inferred from Oersted and Magsat satellite data.
Using the fossil record to estimate the age of the last common ancestor of extant primates.
Capacitance steps and fusion pores of small and large-dense-core vesicles in nerve terminals.
Nerve inflammation halts trial for Alzheimer's drug.
Spectral evidence for weathered basalt as an alternative to andesite in the northern lowlands of Mars.
Epigenetic aspects of X-chromosome dosage compensation.
Direct measurement of the preferred sense of NO rotation after collision with argon.
Climate variability and the influence of the Sun.
Undergraduate research, graduate mentoring, and the university's mission.
Predictability of the UK variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease epidemic.
Ablation, flux, and atmospheric implications of meteors inferred from stratospheric aerosol.
Control of a genetic regulatory network by a selector gene.
A link between virulence and ecological abundance in natural populations of Staphylococcus aureus.
Very-long-period seismic signals and caldera formation at Miyake Island, Japan.
Two functional channels from primary visual cortex to dorsal visual cortical areas.
[C] Stem-cell pioneer banks on future therapies..
The learning curve.
Developing world: bring order to unregulated health markets.
[C] Science in three dimensions: the print revolution..
Electronics: Carbon nanotubes finally deliver.
Electronics: back to analogue.
Metastasis: The rude awakening.
Stem cells: flexible friends.
Continental collision slowing due to viscous mantle lithosphere rather than topography.
Death of a monopoly?.
Fully state-resolved differential cross sections for the inelastic scattering of the open-shell NO molecule by Ar.
Solving the PSC mystery.
Diagnosing cancer in vivo.
Evidence for a large-scale remnant of subducted lithosphere beneath Fiji.
Clotting factors build blood vessels.
Delayed compensation for missing keystone species by colonization.
Seasonal modulation of interseismic strain buildup in northeastern Japan driven by snow loads.
Integration between the epibranchial placodes and the hindbrain.
What does radiotherapy do to endothelial cells?.
Reductive cyclotrimerization of carbon monoxide to the deltate dianion by an organometallic uranium complex.
Human hair growth deficiency is linked to a genetic defect in the phospholipase gene LIPH.
Exposed water ice deposits on the surface of comet 9P/Tempel 1.
AXR4 is required for localization of the auxin influx facilitator AUX1.
Crystal structure of a divalent metal ion transporter CorA at 2.9 angstrom resolution.
Planktonic foraminifera of the California Current reflect 20th-century warming.
Organic globules in the Tagish Lake meteorite: Remnants of the protosolar disk.
Nuclear pores form de novo from both sides of the nuclear envelope.
Reversal of diabetes in non-obese diabetic mice without spleen cell-derived  cell regeneration.
Islet recovery and reversal of murine type 1 diabetes in the absence of any infused spleen cell contribution.
Overcoming staph infections is hardwired.
Science advocacy, defined.
Who are the science stars of Twitter?.
Observing liquid flow in nanotubes by 4D electron microscopy.
Electro-optical frequency division and stable microwave synthesis.
From past to future warming.
Boundary condition of grounding lines prior to collapse, Larsen-B Ice Shelf, Antarctica.
Just one proposal per year, please, NSF tells astronomers.
Electronically erased.
MAVS, cGAS, and endogenous retroviruses in T-independent B cell responses.
2 [prime]-O methylation of the viral mRNA cap evades host restriction by IFIT family members.
Bottom-up effects of plant diversity on multitrophic interactions in a biodiversity experiment.
CHD7 cooperates with PBAF to control multipotent neural crest formation.
Coupled dynamics of body mass and population growth in response to environmental change.
Coronary arteries form by developmental reprogramming of venous cells.
Systems survey of endocytosis by multiparametric image analysis.
Lkb1 regulates cell cycle and energy metabolism in haematopoietic stem cells.
Has the revolution arrived?.
Neural evidence for inequality-averse social preferences.
Endogenous non-retroviral RNA virus elements in mammalian genomes.
Fast-spiking, parvalbumin+ GABAergic interneurons: From cellular design to microcircuit function.
Identification of the giant impactor Theia in lunar rocks.
Enhancing depression mechanisms in midbrain dopamine neurons achieves homeostatic resilience.
Molecular Gas Clumps from the Destruction of Icy Bodies in the  Pictoris Debris Disk.
The biology of mammalian parenting and its effect on offspring social development.
Host genetic diversity enables Ebola hemorrhagic fever pathogenesis and resistance.
Secreting and sensing the same molecule allows cells to achieve versatile social behaviors.
Large-amplitude spin dynamics driven by a THz pulse in resonance with an electromagnon.
Immunologic strategies for HIV-1 remission and eradication.
Use of differentiated pluripotent stem cells as replacement therapy for treating disease.
Modeling ice-sheet flow.
Influence of synaptic vesicle position on release probability and exocytotic fusion mode.
Emerging chirality in artificial spin ice.
Unconventional chemistry for unconventional natural gas.
Benefits and risks of influenza research: lessons learned.
Electron small polarons and their mobility in iron (oxyhydr) oxide nanoparticles.
Formation of regular satellites from ancient massive rings in the Solar System.
From acid rain to climate change.
Modular biological complexity.
How low can you go? Physical production mechanism of elephant infrasonic vocalizations.
A three-dimensional optical photonic crystal with designed point defects.
Formation of massive black holes through runaway collisions in dense young star clusters.
Functional genomic hypothesis generation and experimentation by a robot scientist.
A DNA vaccine induces SARS coronavirus neutralization and protective immunity in mice.
Fine-scale phylogenetic architecture of a complex bacterial community.
The nonlinear nature of friction.
Myosin-dependent junction remodelling controls planar cell intercalation and axis elongation.
Cancer without disease.
The star-formation history of the Universe from the stellar populations of nearby galaxies.
Mechanically driven ATP synthesis by F1-ATPase.
Avian H5N1 influenza in cats.
Measurement of the effect of Amazon smoke on inhibition of cloud formation.
Population-level HIV declines and behavioral risk avoidance in Uganda.
Stable low-pressure hydrogen clusters stored in a binary clathrate hydrate.
Tryptophan hydroxylase-2 controls brain serotonin synthesis.
Southern Ocean iron enrichment experiment: carbon cycling in high-and low-Si waters.
Recycling endosomes supply AMPA receptors for LTP.
Direct measurement of light waves.
Ancient invasions: from endosymbionts to organelles.
SUMO modification of Huntingtin and Huntington's disease pathology.
The bacterial species challenge: making sense of genetic and ecological diversity.
Magnetic Coulomb phase in the spin ice Ho2Ti2O7.
Recent changes in phytoplankton communities associated with rapid regional climate change along the western Antarctic Peninsula.
Sequencing and analyses of all known human rhinovirus genomes reveal structure and evolution.
Transient simulation of last deglaciation with a new mechanism for Blling-Allerd warming.
Shifts in lake N: P stoichiometry and nutrient limitation driven by atmospheric nitrogen deposition.
A human telomerase holoenzyme protein required for Cajal body localization and telomere synthesis.
An acidic matrix protein, Pif, is a key macromolecule for nacre formation.
KLF family members regulate intrinsic axon regeneration ability.
Genome-wide RNAi screen identifies Letm1 as a mitochondrial Ca2+/H+ antiporter.
Low-frequency signals in long tree-ring chronologies for reconstructing past temperature variability.
Molecular mechanisms of axon guidance.
Genomic instability in mice lacking histone H2AX.
Genetic dissection of transcriptional regulation in budding yeast.
The formation of the first star in the universe.
Biodegradable, elastic shape-memory polymers for potential biomedical applications.
Placebo and opioid analgesia--imaging a shared neuronal network.
Distinct effects of T-bet in TH1 lineage commitment and IFN- production in CD4 and CD8 T cells.
Recent segmental duplications in the human genome.
The medial frontal cortex and the rapid processing of monetary gains and losses.
Mast cells can enhance resistance to snake and honeybee venoms.
Maternal oxytocin triggers a transient inhibitory switch in GABA signaling in the fetal brain during delivery.
Rapid early development of circumarctic peatlands and atmospheric CH4 and CO2 variations.
Microstructured optical fibers as high-pressure microfluidic reactors.
Molecular recognition in the selective oxygenation of saturated CH bonds by a dimanganese catalyst.
Epilepsy-related ligand/receptor complex LGI1 and ADAM22 regulate synaptic transmission.
Imaging bond formation between a gold atom and pentacene on an insulating surface.
Trajectory shifts in the Arctic and subarctic freshwater cycle.
Prevention of Brca1-mediated mammary tumorigenesis in mice by a progesterone antagonist.
TOPLESS regulates apical embryonic fate in Arabidopsis.
Orthographic processing in baboons (Papio papio).
Cytoplasmic ATP hydrolysis powers transport of lipopolysaccharide across the periplasm in E. coli.
Adaptations of avian flu virus are a cause for concern.
The exploration of hot nuclear matter.
Stopping Alzheimer's before it starts.
Radio detections during two state transitions of the intermediate-mass black hole HLX-1.
The double-edged sword: Does biomechanism increase or decrease judges' sentencing of psychopaths?.
In vivo architecture and action of bacterial structural maintenance of chromosome proteins.
Sparse pre-Columbian human habitation in western Amazonia.
Sex-specific adaptation drives early sex chromosome evolution in Drosophila.
Pairing and phase separation in a polarized Fermi gas.
A plant miRNA contributes to antibacterial resistance by repressing auxin signaling.
Onset and progression in inherited ALS determined by motor neurons and microglia.
Detecting awareness in the vegetative state.
Anti-inflammatory activity of immunoglobulin G resulting from Fc sialylation.
Food for thought: lower-than-expected crop yield stimulation with rising CO2 concentrations.
Community genomics among stratified microbial assemblages in the ocean's interior.
Global biodiversity conservation priorities.
The challenge of micropollutants in aquatic systems.
Frames, biases, and rational decision-making in the human brain.
Cas9 targeting and the CRISPR revolution.
Interchromosomal communication coordinates intrinsically stochastic expression between alleles.
Pseudothree-dimensional maps of the diffuse interstellar band at 862 nm.
Seeking out Majorana under the microscope.
NMR spectroscopy of native and in vitro tissues implicates polyADP ribose in biomineralization.
Cell cycledependent regulation of mitochondrial preprotein translocase.
Harnessing DNA to improve environmental management.
A unified cause for adrenal Cushing's syndrome.
Thermal structure of an exoplanet atmosphere from phase-resolved emission spectroscopy.
Implementing Pasteur's vision for rabies elimination.
Obesity as a medical problem.
Ghrelin induces adiposity in rodents.
An RNA-directed nuclease mediates post-transcriptional gene silencing in Drosophila cells.
A homochiral metalorganic porous material for enantioselective separation and catalysis.
Complete genome sequence of Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1, an opportunistic pathogen.
A synthetic oscillatory network of transcriptional regulators.
Caspase-12 mediates endoplasmic-reticulum-specific apoptosis and cytotoxicity by amyloid-.
Analysis of the genome sequence of the flowering plant Arabidopsis thaliana..
Electronics using hybrid-molecular and mono-molecular devices.
Toll-like receptors in the induction of the innate immune response.
Chankillo: a 2300-year-old solar observatory in coastal Peru.
Structure of a NHEJ polymerase-mediated DNA synaptic complex.
[C] Micelles made to order.
Upper mantle discontinuity topography from thermal and chemical heterogeneity.
Atmospheres: The jet-stream conundrum.
Learning in and from brain-based devices.
Initiative aims to merge animal and human health science to benefit both.
Journal Club for Condensed Matter Physics.
Controlling the caspases.
Sudden productivity collapse associated with the Triassic-Jurassic boundary mass extinction.
Hydrodynamic trail-following in harbor seals (Phoca vitulina).
Amphibians as indicators of early tertiary" out-of-India" dispersal of vertebrates.
The rise of atmospheric oxygen.
Reconstitution of physiological microtubule dynamics using purified components.
Modeling household transmission of American trypanosomiasis.
Requirement of ERK activation for visual cortical plasticity.
An oceanic cold reversal during the last deglaciation.
Watching hydrogen-bond dynamics in a &bgr;-turn by transient two-dimensional infrared spectroscopy.
Low sea level rise projections from mountain glaciers and icecaps under global warming.
Robust Salmonella metabolism limits possibilities for new antimicrobials.
The search for signs of recovery of the ozone layer.
Electronphonon coupling reflecting dynamic charge inhomogeneity in copper oxide superconductors.
Phosphonate utilization by the globally important marine diazotroph Trichodesmium.
From in vivo to in silico biology and back.
Gene therapy: therapeutic gene causing lymphoma.
Speciation by hybridization in Heliconius butterflies.
Lgl, Pins and aPKC regulate neuroblast self-renewal versus differentiation.
Suppression of metal-insulator transition in vo2 by electric fieldinduced oxygen vacancy formation.
Quantum spintronics: engineering and manipulating atom-like spins in semiconductors.
Killing by bactericidal antibiotics does not depend on reactive oxygen species.
External quantum efficiency above 100% in a singlet-exciton-fissionbased organic photovoltaic cell.
Short-range quantum magnetism of ultracold fermions in an optical lattice.
Writing and deleting single magnetic skyrmions.
Glutamate-dependent neuroglial calcium signaling differs between young and adult brain.
Can we name Earth's species before they go extinct?.
The crust of the Moon as seen by GRAIL.
Creating a false memory in the hippocampus.
Stem cells: The stress of forming blood cells.
Optics: Ultrafast X-ray photography.
A guide to the day of big data.
The future of saving our past.
[C] Risks and benefits may turn out to be finely balanced.
Developmental biology: Rise of the sourcesink model.
Extrasolar planets: Water world larger than Earth.
Biologists napping while work militarized.
Generating electricity while walking with loads.
Oxidative addition of ammonia to form a stable monomeric amido hydride complex.
PDK1 nucleates T cell receptor-induced signaling complex for NF-B activation.
Effects of landscape corridors on seed dispersal by birds.
Genome sequence of Theileria parva, a bovine pathogen that transforms lymphocytes.
The role of social groups in the persistence of learned fear.
Influence of gravity waves on the internal rotation and Li abundance of solar-type stars.
Mortality and greenhouse gas impacts of biomass and petroleum energy futures in Africa.
Crossing the termination shock into the heliosheath: Magnetic fields.
Aconitase couples metabolic regulation to mitochondrial DNA maintenance.
Near-field focusing and magnification through self-assembled nanoscale spherical lenses.
Neisseria meningitidis recruits factor H using protein mimicry of host carbohydrates.
Presenilins are essential for regulating neurotransmitter release.
A histone H3 lysine 36 trimethyltransferase links Nkx2-5 to WolfHirschhorn syndrome.
Polar gradients of the DYRK-family kinase Pom1 couple cell length with the cell cycle.
Changes of mind in decision-making.
Biomarkers in psychiatry.
Modelling to contain pandemics.
A stress-responsive RNA switch regulates VEGFA expression.
Indirect reciprocity provides only a narrow margin of efficiency for costly punishment.
Neuronal activity regulates diffusion across the neck of dendritic spines.
Infants' insight into the mind: How deep.
Visfatin: a new adipokine.
Colloidal jamming at interfaces: A route to fluid-bicontinuous gels.
Enols are common intermediates in hydrocarbon oxidation.
Protein structures forming the shell of primitive bacterial organelles.
Restoration of tolerance in lupus by targeted inhibitory receptor expression.
Rewiring of the yeast transcriptional network through the evolution of motif usage.
Connected to death: the (unexpurgated) mitochondrial pathway of apoptosis.
Photoinduced plasticity in cross-linked polymers.
A possible terrestrial analogue for haematite concretions on Mars.
High-latitude influence on the eastern equatorial Pacific climate in the early Pleistocene epoch.
The GTPase-activating protein Rap1GAP uses a catalytic asparagine.
Structure of an auxilin-bound clathrin coat and its implications for the mechanism of uncoating.
Structure of the molybdopterin-bound Cnx1G domain links molybdenum and copper metabolism.
Predator-induced behaviour shifts and natural selection in field-experimental lizard populations.
Structural basis for redox regulation of Yap1 transcription factor localization.
Sperm death and dumping in Drosophila.
Female mating bias results in conflicting sex-specific offspring fitness.
A highly active synthetic mammalian retrotransposon.
Structure of the carboxy-terminal region of a KCNH channel.
Conservation policy: Listen to the voices of experience.
Ubiquitin chain conformation regulates recognition and activity of interacting proteins.
Differential positioning of adherens junctions is associated with initiation of epithelial folding.
H5N1: Flu transmission work is urgent.
A new hominin foot from Ethiopia shows multiple Pliocene bipedal adaptations.
Inositol-1, 4, 5-trisphosphate receptor regulates hepatic gluconeogenesis in fasting and diabetes.
DBIRD complex integrates alternative mRNA splicing with RNA polymerase II transcript elongation.
Quasi-periodic events in crystal plasticity and the self-organized avalanche oscillator.
Alternating-access mechanism in conformationally asymmetric trimers of the betaine transporter BetP.
Patched1 regulates hedgehog signaling at the primary cilium.
The focusing of electron flow and a Veselago lens in graphene pn junctions.
Circuits with light at nanoscales: optical nanocircuits inspired by metamaterials.
Evolution in the social brain.
Super plastic bulk metallic glasses at room temperature.
Genome sequence of Aedes aegypti, a major arbovirus vector.
Increased Wnt signaling during aging alters muscle stem cell fate and increases fibrosis.
Humans have evolved specialized skills of social cognition: the cultural intelligence hypothesis.
Damage to the insula disrupts addiction to cigarette smoking.
The Piwi-piRNA pathway provides an adaptive defense in the transposon arms race.
Thermolysis of fluoropolymers as a potential source of halogenated organic acids in the environment.
Mechanism for the destruction of H3&plus; ions by electron impact.
Mechanism of ubiquitin activation revealed by the structure of a bacterial MoeBMoaD complex.
The role of microbial mats in the production of reduced gases on the early Earth.
Branched integumental structures in Sinornithosaurus and the origin of feathers.
Dual origin of tribosphenic mammals.
The future for stem cell research.
A prototype storage ring for neutral molecules.
Geology and palaeontology of the late Miocene Middle Awash valley, Afar rift, Ethiopia.
Twisted gastrulation can function as a BMP antagonist.
Hypothalamic mTOR signaling regulates food intake.
Structure and receptor specificity of the hemagglutinin from an H5N1 influenza virus.
-Synuclein blocks ER-Golgi traffic and Rab1 rescues neuron loss in Parkinson's models.
Defective lipolysis and altered energy metabolism in mice lacking adipose triglyceride lipase.
Sampling the antibiotic resistome.
Positive natural selection in the human lineage.
Freezing as a path to build complex composites.
A common genetic variant is associated with adult and childhood obesity.
Genetic variant BDNF (Val66Met) polymorphism alters anxiety-related behavior.
Caspases 3 and 7: key mediators of mitochondrial events of apoptosis.
Spread in model climate sensitivity traced to atmospheric convective mixing.
The rise of oxygen in Earth/'s early ocean and atmosphere.
Statistical errors.
Bidirectional developmental potential in reprogrammed cells with acquired pluripotency.
Reversible and adaptive resistance to BRAF (V600E) inhibition in melanoma.
Exceptional ballistic transport in epitaxial graphene nanoribbons.
Rate of tree carbon accumulation increases continuously with tree size.
MPDL3280A (anti-PD-L1) treatment leads to clinical activity in metastatic bladder cancer.
The genome of Eucalyptus grandis.
Genome sequencing identifies major causes of severe intellectual disability.
Signatures of cool gas fueling a star-forming galaxy at redshift 2.3.
Engineering coherence among excited states in synthetic heterodimer systems.
Unexpected stable stoichiometries of sodium chlorides.
Control of ribosomal subunit rotation by elongation factor G.
Biosynthesis of antinutritional alkaloids in solanaceous crops is mediated by clustered genes.
Isotope ratios of H, C, and O in CO2 and H2O of the martian atmosphere.
Bayes' theorem in the 21st century.
Reconstructing the microbial diversity and function of pre-agricultural tallgrass prairie soils in the United States.
Metamaterial apertures for computational imaging.
Multisensory control of hippocampal spatiotemporal selectivity.
Dilithioplumbole: A lead-bearing aromatic cyclopentadienyl analog.
High-temperature rubber made from carbon nanotubes.
Family planning and the millennium development goals.
CITES designation for endangered rosewood in Madagascar.
Electron nematic phases proliferate.
-Secretase and human disease.
Restoration or devastation?.
Animal communication helps reveal roots of language.
Janus catalysts direct nanoparticle reactivity.
The dirt on ocean garbage patches.
Translational medicine: cancer lessons from mice to humans.
A chronological framework for the British Quaternary based on Bithynia opercula.
A long-lived lunar dynamo driven by continuous mechanical stirring.
Holocene Southern Ocean surface temperature variability west of the Antarctic Peninsula.
Crystal structure of a potassium ion transporter, TrkH.
Single-ion quantum lock-in amplifier.
Earth/'s earliest non-marine eukaryotes.
A eudicot from the Early Cretaceous of China.
Quantum quench of Kondo correlations in optical absorption.
Therapeutics: new drugs hit the target.
Viruses face a double defense by plant small RNAs.
Saturn's spokes: Lost and found.
PHYSICS: Gaps and Our Understanding.
Solar rotation effects on the thermospheres of Mars and Earth.
Enceladus' varying imprint on the magnetosphere of Saturn.
Modulation of cell adhesion and motility in the immune system by Myo1f.
Composites in armor.
Evidence for a past high-eccentricity lunar orbit.
Mobility promotes and jeopardizes biodiversity in rockpaperscissors games.
Haematopoietic stem cells do not asymmetrically segregate chromosomes or retain BrdU.
Progressive field-state collapse and quantum non-demolition photon counting.
Phosphorylation of Sld2 and Sld3 by cyclin-dependent kinases promotes DNA replication in budding yeast.
Genetic variation in a human odorant receptor alters odour perception.
Replication and protection of telomeres.
Projected increase in continental runoff due to plant responses to increasing carbon dioxide.
Shiga toxin induces tubular membrane invaginations for its uptake into cells.
Is the global carbon market working?.
Gap junction adhesion is necessary for radial migration in the neocortex.
Chiral Symmetry Breaking in Superfluid 3He-A.
Observations of ejecta clouds produced by impacts onto Saturn's rings.
Comment on An update of Wallace's zoogeographic regions of the world.
A semi-floating gate transistor for low-voltage ultrafast memory and sensing operation.
Comment on Nuclear genomic sequences reveal that polar bears are an old and distinct bear lineage.
Standing up for GMOs.
Pacific ocean heat content during the past 10,000 years.
Imaging the absolute configuration of a chiral epoxide in the gas phase.
The true challenge of giant marine reserves.
Two Near Misses.
Single origin of a pan-Pacific bird group and upstream colonization of Australasia.
Behavioural ecology: Tool manufacture by naive juvenile crows.
Elephant breakdown.
A non-haem iron centre in the transcription factor NorR senses nitric oxide.
Materials chemistry: a synthetic enamel for rapid tooth repair.
The formation of stars by gravitational collapse rather than competitive accretion.
Structural basis for the promiscuous biosynthetic prenylation of aromatic natural products.
Learned kin recognition cues in a social bird.
Lack of long-term cortical reorganization after macaque retinal lesions.
Tracing the first stars with fluctuations of the cosmic infrared background.
